-ability,Latin
-able,French
-acea,Latin
-aceous,Latin
-acious,Latin
-ad,Greek
-ade,Latin
-ado,Spanish
-ae,English
-age,French
-aholic,none
-al,Middle English
-al,Latin
-al,German
-algia,Greek
-amide,French
-an,Latin
-ana,Latin
-ance,Latin
-ancy,Latin
-ane,German
-ant,French
-ar,Latin
-arch,Greek
-archy,Latin
-ard,French
-ary,Latin
-ase,none
-ast,French
-aster,Latin
-ate,Latin
-ate,Latin
-ate,Latin
-athon,none
-ation,none
-ative,Latin
a,Old English
a,Old English
a capella,Italian
a deux,French
a la,French
a la carte,French
a la mode,French
a posteriori,Latin
a priori,Latin
AP,none
a-,Old English
a-,Latin
a-,Greek
A-1,none
A-frame,none
A-line,none
A-list,none
A-OK,none
A.A.,American English
A.A.A.,American English
A.D.,Latin
a.k.a.,none
a.m.,Latin
A.M.,none
A.P.R.,American English
a.s.a.p.,none
A.V.,English
aardvark,Afrikaans
Aaron,Hebrew
ab initio,Latin
ab-,Latin
aback,Old English
abacus,Latin
Abaddon,Hebrew
abaft,Middle English
abalienate,Latin
abalienation,Latin
abalone,American English
abandon,French
abandon,French
abandoned,none
abandonment,French
abase,French
abasement,none
abash,French
abate,French
abatement,French
abatis,French
abattoir,French
ABBA,Swedish
Abba,Latin
Abbassid,none
abbe,French
abbess,French
abbey,Anglo-French
abbot,Old English
abbreviate,Latin
abbreviation,Middle French
ABC,none
Abderian laughter,none
abdicate,Latin
abdication,Latin
abdomen,Latin
abdominal,Latin
abdominals,none
abduce,Latin
abducent,Latin
abduct,none
abduction,Latin
abeam,none
abecedary,Medieval Latin
abed,Old English
Abel,Hebrew
Abenaki,Abnaki
aberrant,Latin
aberration,Latin
abet,French
abeyance,Anglo-French
abhor,Latin
abhorrence,none
abhorrent,Latin
abidance,none
abide,Old English
abiding,none
Abigail,Hebrew
ability,French
abiotic,none
Abitur,German
abject,Latin
abjection,French
abjuration,Latin
abjure,Middle French
ablation,Latin
ablative,Middle French
ablaut,Indo-European
ablaze,none
able,French
able-bodied,none
ablution,Latin
ABM,none
Abnaki,Algonquian
abnegate,Latin
abnegation,Latin
Abner,Hebrew
abnormal,Latin
abnormality,none
aboard,French
abode,Old English
abolish,Middle French
abolition,Middle French
abolitionism,none
abolitionist,none
abominable,French
abominable snowman,Tibetan
abominate,Latin
abomination,French
aboriginal,none
aborigine,Latin
aborning,American English
abort,Latin
abortifacient,Latin
abortion,Latin
abortionist,none
abortive,Latin
abound,French
abounding,none
about,Old English
above,Old English
aboveboard,none
abovementioned,none
abracadabra,Latin
abrade,Latin
Abraham,Hebrew
abrasion,Medieval Latin
abrasive,none
abrasive,Latin
abraxas,none
abreast,none
abridge,French
abridgement,French
abroad,Old English
abrogate,Latin
abrogation,Latin
abrupt,Latin
abs,none
abs-,none
Absalom,Hebrew
abscess,Latin
abscessed,none
abscind,Latin
abscissa,Latin
abscission,Latin
abscond,Middle French
absence,French
absent,Middle French
absent,Middle French
absent,none
absentee,none
absenteeism,none
absentminded,none
absinthe,French
absit omen,Latin
absolute,Middle French
absolute zero,none
absolutely,American English
absolution,French
absolutism,none
absolutist,none
absolve,Latin
absorb,Middle French
absorbency,none
absorbent,Latin
absorption,Latin
absquatulate,Latin
abstain,French
abstainer,none
abstemious,Latin
abstention,Middle French
abstinence,French
abstinent,French
abstract,Latin
abstract,none
abstract,Latin
abstraction,French
abstractly,none
abstruse,Middle French
absurd,Middle French
absurdity,Middle French
abundance,French
abundant,French
abuse,Middle French
abuse,French
abuser,none
abusive,Middle French
abut,French
abutment,none
abuzz,none
abysm,French
abysmal,English
abyss,French
abyssal,none
Abyssinia,Modern Latin
AC,none
AC/DC,none
acacia,Latin
Academe,Greek
academic,Latin
academy,French
Acadian,Latin
acanthus,Latin
Acapulco,Nahuatl
accede,Latin
accelerant,Latin
accelerate,Latin
acceleration,Latin
accelerator,Latin
accent,Middle French
accent,Middle French
accentuate,Medieval Latin
accentuation,Medieval Latin
accept,French
acceptability,Late Latin
acceptable,French
acceptance,Middle French
access,French
access,none
accessibility,none
accessible,Middle French
accession,Latin
accessorize,none
accessory,Late Latin
accessory,Late Latin
accidence,Latin
accident,French
accidental,French
accidental,none
accidentally,none
acclaim,none
acclaim,Latin
acclamation,Latin
acclimate,French
acclimation,none
acclimatize,none
acclivity,Latin
accolade,French
accommodate,Latin
accommodating,none
accommodation,French
accommodations,none
accompaniment,French
accompanist,none
accompany,Middle French
accomplice,French
accomplish,French
accomplished,none
accomplishment,French
accord,French
accord,French
accordance,French
according,none
accordingly,none
accordion,German
accost,Middle French
accouchement,French
accoucheur,French
account,French
account,French
accountability,none
accountable,Anglo-French
accountancy,none
accountant,French
accounting,Latin
accouter,French
accoutrements,Middle French
accredit,French
accreditation,none
accredited,none
accretion,Latin
accrual,none
accrue,French
acculturate,none
acculturation,none
accumulate,Latin
accumulated,none
accumulation,Latin
accuracy,none
accurate,Latin
accursed,Latin
accusation,French
accusative,Anglo-French
accusatory,Latin
accuse,French
accused,none
accustom,French
accustomed,none
ace,French
ace,none
Aceldama,Greek
acephalous,French
acerbic,Latin
acerbity,Middle French
acetaminophen,none
acetate,Latin
acetic,French
aceto-,none
acetone,Latin
acetylene,French
ach,English
Achates,Greek
ache,Old English
ache,Old English
Acheron,Greek
achieve,French
achievement,Middle French
Achilles,Greek
Achilles tendon,Modern Latin
achromatic,Latin
achtung,German
achy,Middle English
acid,French
acid,none
acidic,none
acidity,French
acidophilus,Latin
acidulous,Latin
ack,none
ack-ack,none
acknowledge,Middle English
acknowledgement,none
acknowledgment,none
acme,Greek
acne,Modern Latin
acolyte,French
acomia,Modern Latin
aconite,French
acorn,Old English
acoustic,French
acoustics,none
acquaint,French
acquaintance,French
acquainted,none
acquiesce,Middle French
acquiescence,French
acquiescent,Latin
acquire,French
acquired,none
acquisition,French
acquisitive,Latin
acquit,French
acquittal,none
acquitted,none
acre,Old English
acrid,Latin
acrimonious,French
acrimony,Middle French
acro-,Greek
acrobat,French
acrobatic,none
acrobatics,French
acromegaly,French
acronym,American English
acrophobe,none
acrophobia,Latin
acropolis,Latin
across,Anglo-French
acrostic,Medieval Latin
acrylic,Latin
act,French
act,Latin
Actaeon,Greek
acting,none
acting,none
actinium,Greek
actino-,Greek
action,Anglo-French
actionable,none
activate,none
activation,none
active,French
actively,none
activism,none
activist,none
activities,American English
activity,French
actor,Latin
actress,French
Acts,none
actual,French
actuality,French
actualization,none
actualize,none
actually,none
actuarial,none
actuary,Latin
actuate,Medieval Latin
acuity,Middle French
acumen,Latin
acupressure,Latin
acupuncture,Latin
acupuncturist,none
acute,Latin
ad,none
ad hoc,Latin
ad hominem,Latin
ad infinitum,Latin
ad lib,Latin
ad nauseam,Latin
ad valorem,Modern Latin
ad-,Latin
Ada,Hebrew
adage,Middle French
adagio,Italian
Adam,Hebrew
Adams apple,Latin
adamant,none
adamant,French
adamantine,Latin
Adamite,none
adapt,Middle French
adaptability,none
adaptable,none
adaptation,French
adapter,none
add,Latin
add-on,none
added,none
addendum,Latin
adder,Old English
addict,Latin
addict,none
addicted,none
addiction,Latin
addictive,none
addition,French
additional,none
additive,Latin
additive,none
addle,Old English
address,French
address,French
addressee,none
adduce,Latin
Adelaide,French
Adeline,French
Adelphia,Greek
Aden,Akkadian
adenine,German
adenoid,Latin
adenoidal,none
adept,Latin
adept,Latin
adequate,Latin
adequately,none
adhere,Middle French
adherence,Middle French
adherent,French
adherent,French
adhesion,French
adhesive,French
adhesive,none
adiabatic,Greek
adieu,French
adios,American English
adipose,Modern Latin
Adirondack,Iroquoian
adit,Latin
adjacent,Latin
adjectival,none
adjective,French
adjoin,French
adjourn,French
adjournment,French
adjudge,French
adjudicate,Latin
adjudication,French
adjudicative,French
adjudicator,Latin
adjunct,Latin
adjunct,Latin
adjuration,Late Latin
adjure,Latin
adjust,Middle French
adjustable,none
adjuster,English
adjustment,French
adjustor,Latin
adjutant,Latin
administer,French
administrate,Latin
administration,Latin
administrative,Latin
administrator,Middle French
admirable,Middle French
admirably,none
admiral,French
admiralty,English
admiration,Middle French
admire,Middle French
admirer,none
admissibility,none
admissible,Middle French
admission,Latin
admit,Latin
admittance,English
admittedly,none
admixture,Latin
admonish,French
admonition,French
admonitory,Late Latin
ado,Scand
adobe,American English
adolescence,Middle French
adolescent,Middle French
adolescent,Latin
Adolph,Old High German
Adonai,Medieval Latin
Adonis,Greek
adopt,Middle French
adoption,French
adoptive,Middle French
adorable,French
adoration,Middle French
adore,French
adoring,none
adorn,French
adornment,French
Adrastea,Greek
adrenal,Modern Latin
adrenaline,Japanese
Adrian,Latin
Adriatic,Latin
adrift,none
adroit,French
adsorb,German
adulate,none
adulation,French
adult,Latin
adult,none
adulterate,Latin
adulteration,Latin
adulterer,Latin
adulteress,none
adulterous,none
adultery,French
adulthood,none
adumbrate,Latin
adumbration,Latin
advance,French
advance,none
advanced,none
advancement,French
advantage,French
advantageous,English
advent,Old English
Adventist,Church Latin
adventitious,Medieval Latin
adventure,French
adventure,none
adventurer,none
adventuresome,none
adventurous,French
adverb,Late Latin
adverbial,Late Latin
adversarial,none
adversary,Anglo-French
adverse,French
adversity,French
advert,none
advert,Middle French
advertise,Middle French
advertised,none
advertisement,Middle French
advertiser,none
advice,French
advisability,none
advisable,none
advise,French
advisement,French
adviser,Latin
advisory,none
advocacy,French
advocate,French
advocate,none
adware,none
adze,Middle English
ae,Old English
Aegean,Greek
aegis,Latin
aegrotat,Latin
Aeneas,Latin
Aeolian,Latin
Aeolus,none
aeon,none
aerate,Latin
aeration,French
aerial,Latin
aerial,none
aerie,Anglo-Latin
aero-,Greek
aerobatics,none
aerobic,French
aerobics,American English
aerodonetics,Greek
aerodrome,none
aerodynamic,German
aerodynamics,none
aerofoil,none
aeronautics,French
aerophyte,French
aeroplane,French
aerosol,none
aerospace,American English
Aeschylus,Greek
Aesir,Scand
Aesop,Greek
Aesopic,Russian
aesthete,Greek
aesthetic,German
aestheticism,none
aesthetics,none
aet.,Latin
aetio-,Latin
afanc,Breton
afar,Middle English
afeared,Old English
affability,French
affable,French
affair,Anglo-French
affairs,none
affect,Latin
affect,English
affect,none
affectation,French
affected,none
affection,French
affectionate,none
affectionately,none
affiance,French
affidavit,Medieval Latin
affiliate,none
affiliate,none
affiliate,Latin
affiliation,French
affinity,French
affirm,French
affirmation,French
affirmative,Middle French
affirmatively,none
affix,Medieval Latin
affix,none
afflatus,Latin
afflict,French
afflicted,none
affliction,French
affluence,French
affluent,Middle French
afford,Middle English
affordable,none
affray,French
affricative,German
affright,Old English
affront,French
affront,none
Afghan,Arabic
aficionado,Spanish
afield,Middle English
afire,none
aflame,none
afloat,Old English
aflush,none
aflutter,none
afoot,none
afore,Old English
aforementioned,none
aforesaid,none
aforethought,English
aforetime,none
afoul,none
afraid,Anglo-French
afresh,none
Afric,Latin
Africa,Latin
African,Old English
African-American,none
Afrikaans,German
Afrikander,Dutch
Afro,none
Afro-,Latin
aft,Old English
after,Old English
after-dinner,none
afterbirth,none
afterglow,none
afterlife,none
aftermarket,American English
aftermath,Old English
afternoon,Middle English
aftershock,none
afterthought,none
afterward,Old English
afterwards,none
afterword,none
ag,American English
aga,Turk
again,Old English
against,none
Agamemnon,Greek
agape,Greek
agape,none
agate,Middle French
Agatha,Latin
agathism,none
agathist,Greek
agave,Latin
age,French
age,none
age-group,none
age-old,none
aged,none
ageism,none
ageless,none
agency,Medieval Latin
agenda,Latin
agent,Latin
agent,none
Agent Orange,none
aggie,American English
aggie,American English
agglomerate,Latin
agglomeration,Latin
agglutinate,Latin
agglutination,Latin
agglutinative,Latin
aggrandisement,English
aggrandize,French
aggrandizement,French
aggravate,Latin
aggravated,none
aggravation,Middle French
aggregate,Latin
aggregate,Latin
aggregate,Latin
aggregation,Middle French
aggress,French
aggression,French
aggressive,Latin
aggressor,Latin
aggrieve,French
aggrieved,none
aghast,Middle English
agile,Middle French
agility,French
agism,none
agitate,Latin
agitated,none
agitation,French
agitator,Irish
agitprop,Russian
Aglaia,Greek
agleam,none
aglow,none
Agnes,French
agnostic,Greek
agnosticism,none
Agnus Dei,Latin
ago,Old English
agog,French
agonist,Greek
agonize,Middle French
agony,French
agora,Greek
agoraphobia,German
agrarian,Middle French
agree,French
agreeable,French
agreeance,Middle French
agreement,French
agribusiness,none
agricultural,none
agriculture,Late Latin
agriology,Greek
agro-,Greek
agronomy,French
aground,none
ague,French
ah,Indo-European
aha,none
ahead,none
ahem,none
ahimsa,Sanskrit
ahistoric,none
ahistorical,none
ahoy,none
Ahura Mazda,Iran
aid,French
aid,French
aide,French
AIDS,none
aiglet,Middle French
aikido,Japanese
ail,Old English
ailanthus,Modern Latin
aileron,French
ailment,none
ailurophile,Greek
ailurophobia,none
aim,French
aim,none
aimless,none
aint,English
Ainu,none
air,none
air,French
air,French
air,Italian
air conditioner,none
air force,none
air freshener,none
air mail,none
air raid,German
airborne,none
aircraft,none
Airedale,none
airfoil,none
airhead,none
airily,none
airing,none
airlift,none
airline,none
airplane,American English
airplay,none
airport,none
airship,German
airtight,none
airy,none
aisle,French
ajar,Scot.
Ajax,Greek
akimbo,Middle English
akin,none
Akkadian,Semitic
al dente,Italian
al fresco,Italian
al Qaeda,Latin
al Qaida,Arabic
Alabama,Muskogean
alabaster,French
alabastrine,Medieval Latin
alack,Middle English
alacrity,Latin
Aladdin,Arabic
Alamo,American Spanish
Alan,Breton
alar,Latin
Alaric,German
alarm,French
alarm,none
alarmed,none
alarmingly,none
alarmist,none
alarum,none
alas,French
Alaska,Russian
Alastor,Greek
alb,Old English
albacore,Portuguese
Albania,Medieval Latin
albatross,Spanish
albedo,Latin
albeit,none
Albert,German
Alberta,none
Albigensian,Medieval Latin
albinism,none
albino,Spanish
Albion,Old English
album,Latin
albumen,Latin
albumin,none
albuminous,none
Albuquerque,Spanish
Alcatraz,none
Alcestis,Greek
alchemical,none
alchemist,Middle French
alchemy,French
alcohol,Medieval Latin
alcoholic,none
alcoholism,Modern Latin
Alcoran,French
alcove,French
Aldebaran,Arabic
aldehyde,German
alder,Old English
alderman,Old English
Aldine,Greek
aldosterone,none
ale,Old English
aleatory,Latin
alectryomachy,Greek
alectryomancy,Latin
alehouse,Old English
Alemanni,French
alembic,Middle French
aleph,Hebrew
alert,French
alertly,none
alertness,none
Alethea,Greek
Aleut,Russian
alewife,none
Alexander,Latin
Alexandrine,French
Alexis,Greek
alfalfa,Spanish
Alfred,Old English
alga,none
algae,Latin
algal,none
algebra,Medieval Latin
algebraic,none
Algeria,French
Algernon,French
Algol,Arabic
Algonquian,Scot.
Algonquin,French
algorithm,French
algorithmic,none
Alhambra,Spanish
alias,Latin
alias,none
alibi,Latin
Alice,French
alien,French
alien,none
alienable,none
alienate,Latin
alienation,French
alienist,French
alight,Old English
alight,Middle English
align,Middle French
alignment,French
alike,Old English
aliment,Latin
alimentary,Medieval Latin
alimony,Latin
Aline,French
Alison,French
alit,none
alive,Old English
aliveness,none
alkahest,French
alkali,Medieval Latin
alkaline,none
alkaloid,none
alkanet,Spanish
all,Old English
all-American,none
all-fired,none
all-inclusive,none
all-over,none
all-purpose,none
all-round,none
all-star,none
all-time,American English
Allah,Arabic
allative,Latin
allay,Old English
allegation,Middle French
allege,French
alleged,none
allegedly,none
alleger,Latin
allegiance,Anglo-French
allegorical,French
allegory,French
allegretto,Italian
allegro,Italian
allele,German
alleluia,Latin
allemande,German
Allen,none
allergen,none
allergic,French
allergy,German
alleviate,Middle French
alleviation,Middle French
alley,French
alley-way,none
alliance,French
allied,none
alligator,Spanish
Allison,French
alliterate,none
alliteration,Modern Latin
alliterative,none
allo-,Greek
allocate,Medieval Latin
allocation,Middle French
allogenic,Greek
allograph,none
allons,French
allopath,none
allopathic,French
allopathy,German
allot,French
allotment,Middle French
allotrope,none
allow,Middle English
allowable,French
allowance,French
allowed,none
alloy,Anglo-French
alloy,French
allright,none
allspice,none
allude,Middle French
allure,Anglo-French
allurement,none
alluring,none
alluring,none
allusion,Latin
allusive,Latin
alluvial,Latin
alluvium,Medieval Latin
ally,French
ally,none
Alma,Latin
Alma Mater,Latin
almagest,Middle English
almah,Egypt
almanac,Anglo-Latin
almighty,Old English
Almohades,Arabic
almond,French
almoner,French
Almoravides,Spanish
almost,Old English
alms,Old English
almshouse,none
aloe,Old English
aloft,Scand
aloha,Hawaiian
alone,Old English
along,Old English
alongshore,none
alongside,none
aloof,Middle English
aloud,none
Aloysius,Medieval Latin
alp,French
alpaca,Spanish
Alpenstock,German
alpha,Latin
alphabet,Late Latin
alphabetical,none
alphabetize,none
alphanumeric,none
Alphonso,Spanish
Alpine,Latin
Alps,none
already,Danish
alright,none
Alsace,German
also,Old English
also-ran,none
Altaic,French
Altair,Arabic
altar,Old English
alter,French
alter ego,Latin
alterable,none
alteration,French
altercate,Latin
altercation,French
alternate,Latin
alternate,Latin
alternate,none
alternately,none
alternating,none
alternation,French
alternative,Medieval Latin
alternative,Medieval Latin
alternator,Latin
although,none
altimeter,Modern Latin
altimetry,Medieval Latin
altitude,Latin
alto,Italian
altogether,none
altruism,French
altruist,French
altruistic,French
alum,French
aluminium,none
aluminum,English
alumna,none
alumnae,none
alumni,none
alumnus,Latin
alveolar,Modern Latin
alveolus,Latin
always,Old English
Alyssum,Latin
Alzheimers disease,German
am,Old English
amable,French
amah,Portuguese
amain,none
amalgam,French
amalgamate,none
amalgamation,none
amalgamize,none
Amanda,Latin
amanuensis,Latin
amaranth,French
amaranthine,none
Amaretto,Italian
amarillo,Spanish
amaryllis,Latin
amass,French
amastia,Latin
amateur,French
amateurish,none
amative,Latin
amatory,Latin
amaze,none
amazement,Latin
amazing,none
Amazon,Greek
ambagious,French
ambassador,Middle French
ambassadorial,none
amber,French
ambergris,Middle French
ambi-,Latin
ambiance,French
ambidexterity,Medieval Latin
ambidextrous,French
Ambien,French
ambience,French
ambient,Latin
ambiguity,Medieval Latin
ambiguous,Latin
ambisexual,none
ambisexuality,none
ambit,Latin
ambition,Middle French
ambitious,Latin
ambivalence,German
ambivalent,none
ambivert,Latin
amble,French
ambler,none
amblosis,Modern Latin
amblyopia,Latin
Ambrose,Latin
ambrosia,Latin
ambrosial,Latin
ambrotype,American English
ambulance,French
ambulant,Latin
ambulate,Latin
ambulation,Latin
ambulatory,Latin
ambulatory,Medieval Latin
ambuscade,French
ambush,French
ambush,English
ame damnee,French
Amelia,German
ameliorate,French
amelioration,French
ameliorative,none
amen,Old English
amenability,none
amenable,Anglo-French
amend,French
amendment,French
amends,French
amenities,Latin
amenity,French
amenorrhea,Modern Latin
ament,Latin
amentia,Latin
Amerasian,none
amerce,Anglo-French
America,Modern Latin
American,Modern Latin
American dream,none
Americanism,American English
Americanization,none
Americanize,none
Amerind,none
Amerindian,none
Ameslan,French
amethyst,French
Amex,none
Amharic,none
ami,French
amiability,none
amiable,French
amicability,none
amicable,Late Latin
amicably,none
amicus curiae,Latin
amid,Old English
amidst,none
amigo,American English
amine,none
amino-,none
amir,none
Amish,American English
amiss,none
amity,French
ammeter,none
ammo,none
ammonia,Modern Latin
ammonite,French
ammunition,French
amnesia,Greek
amnesiac,none
amnesic,none
amnestic,Greek
amnesty,French
amniocentesis,Modern Latin
amnion,Modern Latin
amniotic,Modern Latin
amoeba,Modern Latin
amoebae,none
amok,Malay
amole,Mexican Spanish
among,Old English
amongst,Middle English
amontillado,Spanish
amoral,Greek
amoretto,Italian
amorous,French
amorphous,Modern Latin
amortisation,English
amortise,English
amortization,Medieval Latin
amortize,French
Amos,Greek
amount,none
amount,French
amour,French
amour-propre,French
amoxycillin,none
Amoy,none
amp,none
amperage,none
ampere,French
ampersand,Latin
amphetamine,none
amphi-,Greek
amphibian,Greek
amphibious,Greek
amphibrach,Latin
Amphictyonic League,Greek
amphigory,French
Amphiscians,Medieval Latin
amphitheater,Latin
amphitheatre,English
amphora,Latin
amphoteric,Greek
ample,Middle French
amplification,Latin
amplifier,none
amplify,Middle French
amplitude,Middle French
amply,none
ampoule,French
ampul,French
ampulla,none
amputate,Latin
amputation,Middle French
amputee,French
Amsterdam,Dutch
amt,Danish
amtrac,none
Amtrak,none
amuck,none
amulet,Latin
amuse,Middle French
amusement,French
amusing,none
Amy,French
amygdala,Latin
amyl,Latin
amylase,none
amyloid,German
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis,French
an,Old English
an-,Greek
an-,Latin
ana-,Greek
anabaptism,Medieval Latin
Anabaptist,Modern Latin
anabasis,Greek
anabolic,Greek
anabolism,none
anachronism,Latin
anachronistic,none
anacoluthon,Latin
anaconda,English
Anacreontic,Greek
anacrusis,Latin
anadiplosis,Latin
anadromous,Latin
anaemia,French
anaemic,none
anaerobic,French
anaesthesia,Modern Latin
anaesthesiologist,American English
anaesthesiology,none
anaesthetic,Greek
anaesthetist,none
anaesthetize,Greek
anagnorisis,Latin
anagram,French
anal,Modern Latin
analects,Latin
analemma,Latin
analeptic,Greek
analgesia,Latin
analgesic,none
analgetic,none
analog,none
analogize,French
analogous,Latin
analogue,French
analogy,French
analyse,English
analysis,Medieval Latin
analyst,French
analytic,Medieval Latin
analytical,Medieval Latin
analytics,Latin
analyze,French
anamnesis,Greek
anamorphic,none
anamorphism,none
anamorphosis,Greek
ananda,Sanskrit
Ananias,none
ananym,Greek
anapest,Latin
anapestic,Latin
anaphase,German
anaphora,Latin
anaphoric,Danish
anaphylactic,Latin
anaphylaxis,none
anarch,none
anarchic,Greek
anarchism,none
anarchist,French
anarchistic,none
anarcho-syndicalist,none
anarchy,French
anasarca,Latin
Anasazi,none
Anastasia,Late Latin
anastomosis,Modern Latin
anastrophe,Greek
anathema,Latin
anathematization,Medieval Latin
anathematize,French
Anatolia,Medieval Latin
anatomic,Latin
anatomical,none
anatomically,American English
anatomize,Medieval Latin
anatomy,French
ancestor,French
ancestral,French
ancestry,French
anchor,Old English
anchor,none
anchorage,none
anchoress,none
anchorite,Medieval Latin
anchorman,none
anchovy,Portuguese
anchylosis,Greek
ancien regime,French
ancient,French
ancient,none
ancillary,Latin
and,Old English
Andalusia,Spanish
andante,Italian
Andes,Quechua
andiron,French
Andorra,none
andouille,French
Andrew,French
andro-,Greek
androcentric,none
androcentricity,none
androcentrism,none
androcracy,none
androgen,none
androgyne,Medieval Latin
androgynous,Latin
androgyny,none
android,Modern Latin
Andromache,Latin
Andromeda,Greek
andron,Greek
androphobia,none
Andy,none
anear,none
anecdotage,none
anecdotal,none
anecdote,French
anechoic,none
anemia,Modern Latin
anemic,none
anemo-,Greek
anemometer,none
anemone,Middle French
anencephalic,Greek
anent,Old English
anesthesia,none
anesthesiologist,none
anesthesiology,none
anesthetic,none
anesthetist,none
anesthetize,none
aneuploidy,Modern Latin
aneurism,none
aneurysm,Medieval Latin
anew,Old English
anext,none
anfractuous,Latin
angel,Old English
Angela,Latin
Angeleno,American Spanish
angelfish,none
angelic,French
Angelica,Latin
Angelina,none
angelolatry,none
anger,Old Norse
anger,Old Norse
Angevin,French
angina,Latin
angio-,Latin
angiogenesis,none
angiogram,none
angiography,none
angioma,Latin
angioplasty,none
angiosperm,Modern Latin
angle,Old English
angle,French
Angle,Old English
angle,none
angler,none
Anglian,Old English
Anglican,Medieval Latin
Anglicism,Latin
anglicization,none
anglicize,Medieval Latin
Anglo,English
Anglo-,Medieval Latin
Anglo-American,German
Anglo-French,French
Anglo-Saxon,Old English
Anglomania,none
Anglophile,none
Anglophobia,none
Anglophone,English
angora,Turk
angrily,none
angry,Old Norse
angst,German
angstrom,Swedish
anguish,French
anguish,French
anguishous,French
angular,Latin
angularity,none
Angus,Scot.
anhedonia,French
anhinga,Tupi
anhydrous,Greek
ani,Spanish
anigh,none
anil,French
aniline,German
anima,Latin
anima mundi,Medieval Latin
animadversion,Latin
animadvert,Latin
animal,Latin
animal,none
animalcule,Late Latin
animalism,none
animalistic,none
animate,Latin
animate,Latin
animated,none
animation,Latin
animator,Latin
anime,Japanese
animism,English
animosity,Middle French
animus,Latin
anion,English
anise,French
aniseed,none
anisette,French
anisotropic,none
anker,Dutch
ankh,Egypt
ankle,Old English
anklet,none
ankylosaurus,Modern Latin
ankylosis,none
anlage,German
Ann,Latin
Anna,Latin
annal,none
annalist,French
annalize,none
annals,Latin
Annam,French
Anne,none
anneal,Old English
annelid,French
annex,French
annex,French
annexation,Medieval Latin
Annie,none
annihilate,French
annihilation,Middle French
anniversary,Medieval Latin
Anno Domini,Latin
annotate,Latin
annotation,Latin
announce,French
announcement,French
announcer,none
annoy,Anglo-French
annoyance,French
annoyed,none
annual,French
annual,none
annualize,none
annually,none
Annuit Coeptis,Latin
annuity,Anglo-French
annul,French
annular,French
annulment,none
annulus,Latin
annunciate,Latin
annunciation,Anglo-French
annus mirabilis,Latin
anode,Greek
anodize,none
anodyne,Medieval Latin
anoint,French
anointed,none
anole,none
anomalo-,Greek
anomalous,Late Latin
anomaly,Latin
anomic,French
anomie,French
anomy,French
anon,Old English
anonym,French
anonymity,none
anonymous,Late Latin
anonymously,none
Anopheles,Modern Latin
anorak,none
anorectic,Latin
anorexia,Modern Latin
anorexia nervosa,none
anorexic,French
anosmia,Modern Latin
another,Old English
anoxic,Modern Latin
Anschauung,German
anschluss,German
Anselm,Latin
answer,Old English
answer,Old English
answerable,none
ant,Middle English
antacid,none
Antaeus,Greek
antagonise,English
antagonism,French
antagonist,French
antagonistic,none
antagonize,Greek
antalgic,Greek
antaphrodisiac,none
antarchism,none
antarchy,Greek
antarctic,French
Antarctica,Scot.
Antares,Greek
ante,American English
ante meridiem,Latin
ante-,Latin
anteater,none
antebellum,Latin
antecede,Latin
antecedent,French
antechamber,French
antedate,Latin
antediluvian,Latin
antelope,French
antemundane,none
antenatal,Latin
antenna,Latin
antennae,Latin
antennas,none
antenuptial,none
antepartum,Latin
antepenult,none
antepenultimate,Latin
anterior,Latin
anteroom,French
anthem,Old English
anthemic,none
anther,French
anthesis,Greek
anthill,none
anthologize,none
anthology,Latin
Anthony,Latin
anthracite,Latin
anthrax,Latin
anthro-,none
anthropic,Greek
anthropo-,Greek
anthropocentric,none
anthropocentrism,none
anthropogenic,none
anthropogeny,none
anthropoid,Greek
anthropolatry,Greek
anthropological,none
anthropologist,none
anthropology,Modern Latin
anthropometric,French
anthropometry,French
anthropomorphic,English
anthropomorphism,none
anthropomorphite,none
anthropomorphize,none
anthropomorphous,Late Latin
anthropopathy,Greek
anthropophagy,French
anti,none
anti-,French
anti-aircraft,none
Anti-American,none
anti-bacterial,none
anti-choice,none
anti-communist,none
anti-freeze,none
anti-imperialist,American English
anti-intellectual,none
anti-intellectualism,none
anti-macassar,none
anti-Semite,none
anti-Semitic,none
anti-Semitism,German
anti-social,none
anti-war,none
antibiotic,French
antibody,German
antic,Italian
antichrist,Late Latin
antichristian,none
anticipate,Latin
anticipation,Latin
anticipatory,none
anticlimactic,none
anticlimax,none
anticline,Greek
anticoagulant,none
antics,none
anticyclone,English
antidepressant,none
antidisestablishmentarianism,none
antidotal,none
antidote,English
Antietam,Algonquian
antifebrile,none
antigen,German
Antigone,Greek
Antigua,Carib
antihero,none
antihistamine,none
antimatter,none
antimetabole,Greek
antimony,French
antinode,none
antinomian,Medieval Latin
antinomianism,none
antinomy,Latin
Antioch,Turk
antioxidant,none
antipasto,Italian
antipathetic,Greek
antipathic,French
antipathy,Latin
antiperspirant,none
antiphon,Middle French
antiphonal,none
antiphony,Greek
antiphrasis,Latin
antipodes,Latin
antipope,Anglo-Latin
antipyretic,Greek
antiquarian,Latin
antiquated,Latin
antiquation,Late Latin
antique,Middle French
antique,none
antique,none
antiquity,French
antiscorbutic,Modern Latin
antiseptic,none
antistrophe,Latin
antitheism,none
antitheist,none
antitheses,none
antithesis,Late Latin
antithetic,Greek
antithetical,Greek
antitoxic,none
antitoxin,German
antitrust,none
antitype,Greek
antivenin,French
antivirus,none
antler,Anglo-French
Antonia,Latin
Antonine,none
antonomasia,Latin
Antony,Latin
antonym,Greek
antrum,Latin
antsy,American English
Antwerp,French
Anubis,Egypt
anuria,Latin
anus,French
anvil,Old English
anxiety,Latin
anxious,Latin
any,Old English
anybody,none
anyhow,Middle English
anymore,none
anyone,Old English
anyplace,none
anything,Old English
anythingarian,none
anytime,none
anyway,Middle English
anyways,none
anywhere,none
anywise,Old English
Anzac,none
AOL,none
aorist,Greek
aorta,Medieval Latin
AP,none
ap-,Gaelic
ap-,Latin
apace,none
Apache,American Spanish
apanage,none
apart,French
apartheid,Afrikaans
apartment,French
apathetic,none
apathy,French
APB,none
ape,Old English
ape,Middle English
ape-man,English
apercu,French
aperiodic,none
aperitif,French
apert,French
aperture,Latin
apex,Latin
aphasia,Modern Latin
aphasic,none
aphelion,Modern Latin
aphetic,Greek
aphid,Modern Latin
aphonia,Modern Latin
aphorism,Middle French
aphoristic,Greek
aphotic,Modern Latin
Aphra,Hebrew
aphrodisiac,Greek
Aphrodite,Greek
apiarist,none
apiary,Latin
apical,Latin
apiece,none
aping,none
aplasia,Latin
aplenty,none
aplomb,French
apnea,Modern Latin
apneic,none
apo koinu,Greek
apo-,Greek
apocalypse,Church Latin
apocalyptic,Greek
Apocrypha,Late Latin
apocryphal,Middle English
apodal,Greek
apodictic,Latin
apodyterium,Latin
apogee,French
apolitical,none
Apollo,Latin
Apollonian,Greek
Apollyon,Greek
apologetic,French
apologia,none
apological,none
apologise,English
apologist,French
apologize,Greek
apologue,French
apology,Late Latin
aponeurosis,Latin
apophatic,Greek
apophthegm,none
apoplectic,French
apoplexy,French
aporetic,French
aporia,Latin
aposiopesis,Latin
apostasy,Latin
apostate,French
apostate,none
apostatize,Late Latin
apostille,French
apostle,Old English
apostolic,French
apostrophe,Middle French
apothecary,French
apothegm,Greek
apotheosis,Late Latin
apotheosize,none
apothesis,Greek
apotropaic,Greek
app,none
Appalachia,none
Appalachian,Spanish
appall,French
appalled,none
appalling,none
Appaloosa,none
appanage,French
apparat,Russian
apparatchik,Russian
apparatus,Latin
apparel,French
apparel,French
apparent,French
apparently,none
apparition,Anglo-French
appeal,Anglo-French
appeal,French
appealing,none
appear,French
appearance,Anglo-French
appeasable,none
appease,Anglo-French
appeasement,Middle French
appeaser,none
appellant,Anglo-French
appellate,Latin
appellation,French
appellative,Latin
appellee,Anglo-French
append,French
appendage,none
appendectomy,none
appendices,Latin
appendicitis,Latin
appendicular,Latin
appendix,Latin
apperceive,French
apperception,French
appertain,Anglo-French
appetence,French
appetite,Anglo-French
appetize,none
appetizer,none
appetizing,none
Appian Way,none
applaud,Latin
applause,Latin
apple,Old English
apple pie,French
applesauce,American English
applet,none
appliance,none
applicability,none
applicable,Latin
applicant,Latin
application,French
applied,none
applique,French
apply,French
appoint,Anglo-French
appointed,none
appointee,French
appointment,Middle French
Appomattox,Algonquian
apportion,Middle French
apportionment,French
appose,French
apposite,Latin
apposition,Latin
appositive,Latin
appraisal,American English
appraise,French
appraiser,none
appreciable,French
appreciate,Late Latin
appreciated,none
appreciation,Anglo-French
appreciative,none
apprehend,French
apprehensible,Latin
apprehension,French
apprehensive,Medieval Latin
apprentice,French
apprentice,none
apprenticeship,none
apprise,French
apprize,none
approach,Anglo-French
approach,none
approachable,none
approbate,Latin
approbation,French
appropre,French
appropriate,Late Latin
appropriate,Latin
appropriation,Late Latin
approval,French
approve,French
approximate,Latin
approximate,none
approximately,none
approximation,none
appurtenance,Anglo-French
appurtenances,none
appurtenant,Anglo-French
apraxia,Latin
apricate,Latin
apricot,Catalan
April,French
April fool,Old Norse
apron,French
apropos,French
apse,Latin
apsis,Latin
apt,French
aptitude,Middle French
aptly,none
aptness,none
aqua,Middle English
aqua fortis,Latin
aqua vitae,Latin
aqua-,Latin
aquacade,American English
aquaculture,none
aqualung,none
aquamarine,French
aquanaut,Greek
aquarelle,French
Aquarian,none
aquarium,Latin
Aquarius,Old English
aquatic,Middle French
aquatint,Italian
aqueduct,Latin
aqueous,Latin
aquifer,Latin
aquiline,English
aquiver,none
Arab,French
arabesque,Arabic
Arabia,none
Arabian,none
Arabic,French
arable,French
arachnid,French
arachnoid,Modern Latin
arachnologist,none
arachnophobia,none
Aragon,Spanish
Aramaic,Semitic
arational,none
arbalest,French
arbiter,French
arbitrage,French
arbitrary,French
arbitrate,Latin
arbitration,French
arbitrator,French
arbitrer,Anglo-French
arbor,French
Arbor Day,Latin
arbor vitae,French
arboreal,Latin
arboretum,Latin
arborist,Latin
arbour,English
arc,French
arc,none
arcade,Italian
Arcadia,none
Arcadian,Greek
arcana,Latin
arcane,Latin
arcanum,none
arch,French
arch,none
arch,none
arch-,Latin
Archaean,Greek
archaebacteria,none
archaeo-,Latin
archaeoastronomy,none
archaeologist,none
archaeology,French
archaeopteryx,Modern Latin
archaic,French
archaism,Modern Latin
archangel,French
archangelic,none
archbishop,Old English
archbishopric,Old English
archdeacon,Old English
archdiocese,none
archduchess,none
archduke,Middle French
archenemy,none
archeological,none
archeologist,none
archeology,none
archer,Anglo-French
archery,Anglo-French
archetypal,Latin
archetype,Latin
archfiend,none
Archibald,Old High German
archipelago,Italian
architect,Middle French
architectonic,Latin
architectural,none
architecture,Middle French
architrave,Italian
archival,none
archive,none
archives,French
archivist,Medieval Latin
archon,Greek
archrival,none
archway,none
Arctic,French
Arctic Circle,Greek
Arcturus,Latin
arcuate,Latin
ardency,English
ardent,French
ardor,French
ardour,English
arduous,Latin
ardurous,none
are,Old English
are,French
area,Latin
areal,Latin
arent,none
arena,Latin
areola,Latin
areolas,none
Areopagite,none
Areopagus,Greek
Ares,Greek
arete,French
arete,Greek
argent,French
Argentina,Latin
argentine,Latin
Argentine,none
Argive,Greek
argle,none
Argo,Greek
argon,Modern Latin
Argonaut,Greek
argosy,Italian
argot,French
arguable,none
arguably,none
argue,French
arguendo,Latin
arguer,none
argufy,none
argument,French
argumentation,French
argumentative,French
Argus,Greek
Argyle,Scot.
aria,Italian
Arian,none
Arianism,none
arid,French
aridity,Middle French
ariel,Greek
Aries,Old English
aright,Old English
aril,Modern Latin
Arimasp,Latin
arioso,Italian
arise,Old English
arisen,none
arising,none
aristarchy,Greek
aristocracy,Middle French
aristocrat,French
aristocratic,French
aristology,Greek
Aristotelian,Greek
arithmancy,Greek
arithmetic,French
arithmetical,none
arithmocracy,Greek
arithmomania,French
Arizona,Spanish
ark,Old English
Arkansas,Siouan
arm,Old English
arm,French
arm,French
armada,Spanish
armadillo,Spanish
Armageddon,Hebrew
armament,Latin
armamentarium,Latin
armature,Latin
armchair,none
armed,none
Armenian,English
armilla,Latin
Arminian,Latin
armistice,French
armless,none
armlet,none
armoire,French
armor,French
armor,none
armorer,Anglo-French
armorial,none
Armorica,Old Irish
armory,French
armour,English
armoury,English
armpit,none
arms race,English
arms-length,none
army,French
arnica,Modern Latin
Arnold,Old High German
aroint,none
aroma,Latin
aromatherapy,French
aromatic,Middle French
aromatize,French
arose,none
around,American English
arousal,none
arouse,none
ARPANET,none
arpeggio,Italian
arr,none
arrack,Arabic
arrah,Irish
arraign,French
arraignment,French
arrange,French
arrangement,French
arrant,none
arras,Anglo-French
array,French
array,Anglo-French
arrear,none
arrearage,French
arrears,French
arrest,French
arrest,Anglo-French
arrested,none
arresting,none
arresting,none
arrhythmic,Modern Latin
arrival,Anglo-French
arrive,Anglo-French
arriviste,French
arrogance,French
arrogant,French
arrogate,Latin
arrogation,Latin
arrondissement,French
arrow,Old English
arrowhead,none
arrowroot,none
arroyo,American Spanish
arse,Old English
arsehole,Old English
arsenal,Italian
arsenic,French
arson,Anglo-French
arsonist,none
arsy-versy,none
art,French
art,Old English
art,German
art brut,French
art deco,French
art nouveau,French
Artaxerxes,Persian
artefact,none
Artemis,Greek
arterial,French
arterio-,Latin
arteriole,Modern Latin
arteriosclerosis,Latin
artery,Anglo-French
artesian,French
artesian well,none
artful,none
arthralgia,Greek
arthritic,French
arthritis,Latin
arthro-,Greek
arthropod,Modern Latin
Arthropoda,Modern Latin
arthroscopic,none
arthroscopy,none
Arthur,Medieval Latin
Arthurian,none
artichoke,Italian
article,French
articular,Latin
articulate,Latin
articulate,Latin
articulated,none
articulation,French
artifact,Italian
artifactual,none
artifice,Middle French
artificer,none
artificial,French
artificially,none
artillerist,none
artillery,Anglo-French
artisan,Italian
artisan,none
artist,Middle French
artiste,English
artistic,French
artistry,none
artless,none
artsy,none
artwork,none
arty,none
arugula,American English
ARVN,none
Aryan,Latin
Aryanism,none
as,Old English
asafetida,Medieval Latin
asafoetida,none
asap,none
asbestine,Latin
asbestos,French
ascend,Latin
ascendance,English
ascendancy,none
ascendant,Middle French
ascendency,none
ascension,Latin
ascent,none
ascertain,Anglo-French
ascertainable,none
ascetic,Greek
ascetic,none
asceticism,none
Ascians,Medieval Latin
ASCII,none
ascites,Latin
ascitic,none
Asclepius,Latin
ascorbic,Medieval Latin
Ascot,none
ascribable,none
ascribe,French
ascription,Latin
ascus,Modern Latin
asea,none
ASEAN,Malay
aseismic,none
aseity,Medieval Latin
asepsis,none
aseptic,none
asexual,none
asexuality,none
asexually,none
Asgard,Old Norse
ash,Old English
ash,Old English
ashamed,Old English
Ashanti,none
ashen,none
Asher,Hebrew
asherah,none
Ashkenazim,Hebrew
ashlar,French
Ashley,Old English
ashore,Middle English
ashram,Sanskrit
ashtray,none
Ashura,Arabic
ashy,none
Asia,Latin
Asiago,Italian
Asian,Latin
Asiatic,Latin
aside,Middle English
asine,French
asinine,Latin
ask,Old English
askance,Middle English
askew,Old Norse
aslant,none
asleep,Old English
Asmodeus,Latin
asocial,none
asp,French
asparagus,Old English
aspartame,none
Aspasia,Greek
aspect,Latin
aspen,Old English
asperate,Latin
asperation,none
Aspergers Syndrome,German
Asperges,Late Latin
asperity,French
asperse,Latin
aspersion,Latin
asphalt,Late Latin
aspheterism,Greek
asphodel,Latin
asphyxia,Modern Latin
asphyxiate,none
asphyxiation,none
aspic,French
aspirant,French
aspirate,Latin
aspirate,French
aspiration,Latin
aspiration,none
aspirational,none
aspire,French
aspirin,German
asportation,Latin
asquint,Middle English
ass,Old English
ass,none
assail,French
assailant,French
assassin,Anglo-Latin
assassinate,Medieval Latin
assassination,none
assault,French
assault,Middle French
assay,Anglo-French
assay,Anglo-French
assemblage,French
assemble,French
assembly,French
assent,French
assent,French
assert,Latin
assertion,Middle French
assertive,none
assertively,none
assertiveness,none
assess,Anglo-French
assessable,none
assessment,none
assessor,French
asset,none
assets,Anglo-French
asseverate,Latin
asseveration,Latin
asshole,none
assiduity,Latin
assiduous,Latin
assiento,Spanish
assign,French
assignation,French
assignee,French
assignment,French
assimilate,Latin
assimilation,French
assimilationist,none
assist,Middle French
assist,none
assistance,Middle French
assistant,Middle French
assistant,Middle French
assize,Anglo-Latin
associate,Latin
associate,none
associate,Latin
association,Medieval Latin
associative,none
assonance,French
assort,Middle French
assorted,none
assortment,none
assuage,Anglo-French
assuasive,none
assumable,none
assume,Latin
assumpsit,Latin
assumption,French
assumptive,Latin
assurance,French
assure,French
assured,none
Assyria,Middle English
Assyriology,none
Astarte,Phoenician
astatic,Greek
astatine,Greek
asteism,Greek
aster,Latin
asterisk,Late Latin
asterism,Greek
astern,none
asteroid,German
asthenia,Modern Latin
asthenic,Modern Latin
asthenosphere,Greek
asthma,Latin
asthmatic,Latin
astigmatic,none
astigmatism,English
astir,Scot.
astonish,French
astonishment,none
astound,Middle English
astral,Late Latin
astray,French
astriction,Latin
Astrid,Old High German
astride,none
astringent,Latin
astro-,English
astrobiology,French
astrobleme,Greek
astroid,Greek
astrolabe,French
astrologer,French
astrological,none
astrology,Latin
astronaut,French
astronautics,none
astronomer,French
astronomical,none
astronomy,French
astrophotography,none
astrophysicist,none
Astroturf,none
astute,Latin
Astyanax,Greek
asunder,Old English
asylum,Latin
asymmetrical,none
asymmetry,Greek
asymptomatic,none
asymptote,Greek
asymptotic,none
asynchronous,none
asyndetic,none
asyndeton,Latin
asystole,Modern Latin
at,Old English
at all,Irish
at bay,French
at-,none
at-bat,none
at-home,none
Atalanta,Greek
ataractic,Greek
ataraxia,English
atavic,Latin
atavism,French
atavistic,none
ataxia,Latin
ataxic,none
atchoo,none
ate,none
Ate,Greek
atelectasis,Latin
atelier,French
atemporal,none
Aten,Egypt
Athabascan,Algonquian
Athanasian,Latin
atheism,French
atheist,French
atheistic,none
atheling,Old English
Athelstan,Old English
Athena,Greek
Athenaeum,Latin
Athenian,Old English
Athens,Attic
atheroma,Latin
atherosclerosis,German
athetosis,Greek
athlete,Latin
athletic,Latin
athleticism,none
athletics,none
athrob,none
athwart,none
atilt,none
Atlantic,Latin
Atlantis,Greek
Atlas,Greek
atlas,English
atlatl,Nahuatl
ATM,none
atman,Sanskrit
atmosphere,Modern Latin
atmospheric,none
atoll,Malay
atom,Latin
atomic,none
atomies,Latin
atomistic,none
atomization,none
atomize,none
atomizer,none
Aton,none
atonal,none
atonality,none
atone,Latin
atonement,none
atop,none
atopic,none
atopy,Greek
ATP,none
atrabiliary,Medieval Latin
atrabilious,Latin
atremble,none
atresia,Modern Latin
Atreus,none
atria,none
atrial,none
atrium,Latin
atrocious,Latin
atrocity,Middle French
atrophic,none
atrophy,French
atrophy,none
atropine,Latin
Atropos,Greek
attaboy,none
attach,Anglo-Latin
attachable,none
attache,French
attached,none
attachment,Anglo-Latin
attack,French
attack,Middle English
attain,French
attainable,none
attainder,French
attainment,French
attar,Persian
attemper,French
attempt,French
attempt,none
attend,French
attendance,French
attendant,Middle French
attendant,none
attendee,none
attent,Latin
attention,Latin
attention deficit disorder,none
attentive,French
attentiveness,none
attenuate,Latin
attenuation,Latin
attercop,Old English
attest,Middle French
attestation,Middle French
Attic,Attic
attic,Attic
Attica,Greek
attire,French
attire,none
attitude,French
attitudinal,Italian
attitudinize,none
atto-,Danish
attorn,Anglo-French
attorney,Anglo-Latin
attract,Latin
attraction,French
attractive,Middle French
attrahent,Latin
attributable,none
attribute,Latin
attribute,Latin
attributes,none
attribution,Middle French
attributive,French
attrit,none
attrite,Latin
attrition,Latin
attune,none
attunement,none
ATV,none
atween,none
atwitter,none
atypical,none
Au,Latin
au,French
au courant,French
au fait,French
au naturel,French
au pair,French
au revoir,French
aubade,French
aubain,French
aubergine,French
Aubrey,French
auburn,French
auction,Latin
auction,none
auctioneer,none
audacious,Middle French
audacity,Medieval Latin
audible,Middle French
audience,French
audio,Latin
audio-,Latin
audiology,none
audiophile,none
audiotape,none
audiovisual,none
audit,Latin
audit,none
audition,none
audition,Middle French
auditor,Anglo-French
auditorium,Latin
auditory,Latin
Audrey,Latin
Audubon,none
Aufklarung,German
Augean,Greek
auger,Middle English
aught,Old English
aught,none
augment,French
augmentation,French
augmentative,Middle French
augmented,none
augur,Latin
augur,none
augury,French
august,Latin
August,Latin
Augusta,Latin
Augustan,Latin
Augustine,none
Augustus,Latin
auk,Scand
auld,English
aunt,Anglo-French
auntie,none
aura,Latin
aural,Latin
aureate,Latin
aureole,Latin
auricle,Latin
auricular,Medieval Latin
auriferous,Latin
Auriga,Latin
aurochs,German
aurora,Latin
aurora borealis,French
auroral,none
auscultate,Latin
auscultation,Latin
auspex,Latin
auspices,French
auspicious,Latin
Aussie,none
auster,Latin
austere,French
austerity,French
Austin,French
austral,Latin
Australia,Latin
Australian,none
Australopithecus,Latin
Austria,Medieval Latin
Austro-,none
autarchy,Greek
autarky,Greek
auteur,French
authentic,French
authenticate,Medieval Latin
authentication,none
authenticity,none
author,French
author,none
authorial,none
authorisation,English
authorise,English
authoritarian,none
authoritarianism,none
authoritative,Medieval Latin
authority,French
authorization,none
authorize,French
authorship,none
autism,German
autistic,none
auto,French
auto-,Greek
auto-da-fe,Portuguese
auto-erotic,none
autobahn,German
autobiography,none
autocade,none
autocar,Greek
autochthon,Greek
autochthonic,none
autochthonous,none
autoclave,French
autocracy,French
autocrat,French
autocratic,French
autodidact,Greek
autodidactic,Greek
autogenous,Greek
autograph,Latin
autograph,none
autoharp,German
autoimmune,none
autolatry,Latin
automaker,none
automat,none
automate,Greek
automated,American English
automatic,Greek
automatic,none
automatically,none
automation,none
automatization,none
automatize,none
automaton,Latin
automobile,French
automobile,French
automotive,Greek
autonomic,none
autonomous,Greek
autonomy,Greek
autophobia,Greek
autopilot,none
autopsy,Modern Latin
autosome,none
autosuggestion,French
autotheism,none
autumn,French
autumnal,Latin
auxiliary,Latin
auxiliary,none
auxin,German
avail,French
availability,none
available,none
availing,none
availment,none
avalanche,French
avant,French
avant-garde,French
avarice,French
avaricious,French
avast,Dutch
avatar,Sanskrit
avaunt,Middle French
ave,Latin
Ave Maria,none
avenge,Anglo-French
avenger,none
avenue,Middle French
aver,French
average,French
average,none
average,none
Averroes,Latin
averse,French
aversion,Middle French
avert,French
Avestan,Iran
avian,Latin
aviary,Latin
aviation,French
aviator,French
Avicenna,Latin
aviculture,French
avid,French
avidity,French
avionics,none
Avis,none
avocado,Spanish
avocation,Latin
avoid,Anglo-French
avoidable,none
avoidance,none
avoirdupois,Middle English
Avon,none
avouch,Middle French
avow,Anglo-French
avowal,none
avuncular,Latin
aw,none
AWACS,none
await,Old North French
awake,Middle English
awake,Old English
awaken,Old English
award,Anglo-French
award,Anglo-French
aware,Old English
awareness,none
awash,none
away,Old English
awe,Scand
awe,Old English
aweigh,none
awesome,none
awestruck,none
awful,Old English
awfully,none
awhile,Old English
awhirl,none
awing,none
awk,Old Norse
awkward,none
awkwardness,none
awl,Old English
awn,Old Norse
awning,Middle French
awoke,Old English
awoken,none
awol,none
awry,none
aww,none
ax,none
axe,Old English
axe,none
axel,none
axial,none
axillary,Latin
axiom,Middle French
axiomatic,Greek
axion,none
axis,Latin
axle,Middle English
axolotl,Spanish
axon,Greek
axonometric,Greek
ay,none
ayah,Portuguese
ayatollah,Iran
aye,Middle English
aye,Old Norse
ayurvedic,Sanskrit
azalea,Modern Latin
Azerbaijan,Old Persian
azimuth,French
azo-,Greek
azoic,Greek
azotemia,none
Aztec,Spanish
azure,French
B movie,none
bhoy,Irish
Bnai Brith,Hebrew
B-girl,none
B.B.C.,English
B.C.,none
B.C.E.,none
b.o.,none
baa,Latin
Baal,Hebrew
Baath,Arabic
baba,French
Babbitt,none
babble,Swedish
babble,none
babe,Russian
Babel,Hebrew
babelicious,none
Babism,none
baboon,French
babouche,French
babushka,Russian
baby,German
baby,none
baby boom,none
babyish,none
Babylon,Greek
Babylonian,none
babysit,none
babysitter,none
Bacardi,none
baccalaureate,Modern Latin
baccarat,French
Bacchae,Greek
bacchanal,Latin
bacchanalia,Latin
bacchanalian,none
Bacchus,Greek
bach,American English
bachelor,French
bachelorette,American English
bacilli,none
bacillus,Latin
back,Old English
back,none
back,Middle English
back,Old English
back down,American English
back off,none
back seat,none
back up,none
back-ache,none
back-formation,none
back-stitch,none
back-to-nature,none
backbencher,none
backbiting,none
backbone,none
backdate,none
backdoor,none
backdrop,none
backer,none
backfill,none
backfire,American English
backgammon,Middle English
background,none
backhand,none
backhoe,none
backing,none
backlash,none
backless,none
backlist,none
backlog,none
backorder,none
backpack,none
backside,none
backslash,none
backslide,none
backspace,none
backstabber,none
backstage,none
backstairs,none
backstop,none
backstory,none
backstreet,none
backstroke,none
backtalk,Irish
backtrack,none
backup,none
backward,Old English
backwardness,none
backwards,none
backwash,none
backwater,none
backwood,American English
backyard,none
bacon,French
bacteria,Modern Latin
bacterial,none
bacteriology,German
bacteriophage,French
bacterium,none
Bactrian,Latin
bad,Old English
bad-mouth,English
badass,none
badder,none
baddest,none
baddish,none
baddy,none
bade,Old English
badge,Anglo-French
badger,Middle High German
badger,none
badinage,French
badlands,none
badly,none
badminton,Old English
badness,none
Baedeker,German
baffle,Scot.
baffle,none
bafflement,none
baffling,none
bag,Old Norse
bag,none
bag-end,none
bagatelle,French
bagel,Middle High German
bagful,none
baggage,French
bagger,none
baggy,none
Baghdad,Indo-European
bagpipe,English
baguette,French
bah,French
Bahai,Iran
Bahamas,English
bail,French
bail,none
bail,French
bail,Middle French
bailey,Anglo-Latin
bailiff,French
bailiwick,Middle English
bailout,none
bain-marie,French
bairn,Old English
bait,Old Norse
bait,Old Norse
bait,none
baited,none
baize,French
Baja,Spanish
bake,Old English
bake,American English
bakelite,German
baker,Old English
bakery,none
baklava,Turk
baksheesh,Egypt
balaclava,Turk
balalaika,Russian
balance,French
balance,none
balcony,Italian
bald,Middle English
balderdash,Danish
baldness,none
baldric,French
Baldwin,French
baldy,none
bale,French
baleen,French
baleful,Old English
baler,none
balk,Old English
balk,none
Balkanize,English
Balkans,Turk
balky,none
ball,Old English
ball,French
ball,none
ball and chain,none
ballad,French
ballade,none
Ballard,none
ballast,Middle English
ballerina,Italian
ballet,French
ballista,Latin
ballistic,Greek
ballistics,Latin
ballocks,Old English
ballon,French
balloon,Italian
balloon,none
ballot,Italian
ballot,none
ballpark,none
ballplayer,none
ballroom,none
balls,none
ballsy,none
bally,English
ballyhoo,Spanish
balm,French
balmy,none
balneal,Latin
baloney,American English
balsa,Spanish
balsam,Latin
balsamic,none
Balt,Late Latin
Balthazar,French
Baltic,Medieval Latin
Baltimore,Irish
baluchitherium,Modern Latin
baluster,French
balustrade,French
bam,Middle English
bambino,Italian
bamboo,Dutch
bamboozle,Scot.
ban,Old English
ban,Serbo-Croatian
ban,Old English
banal,French
banality,French
banana,Spanish
banana republic,American English
bananas,none
banausic,Greek
band,Old Norse
band,Middle French
band,French
Band-Aid,none
bandage,Middle French
bandage,none
bandana,Sanskrit
bandeau,French
bandicoot,Telugu
bandit,Italian
banditry,none
bandolier,French
bandstand,none
bandwagon,American English
bandwidth,none
bandy,Middle French
bane,Old English
bang,Scand
banger,English
Bangladesh,none
bangle,none
bangs,American English
banish,French
banishment,none
banister,French
banjo,American English
bank,Old Italian
bank,Old English
bank,none
banker,French
banking,none
bankroll,none
bankrupt,Italian
bankrupt,none
bankruptcy,none
banlieue,French
bann,Old English
banner,French
banneret,none
bannock,Old English
banns,none
banquet,French
banquette,French
banshee,Irish
bantam,Dutch
banter,none
Banting,English
Bantu,German
banyan,Iran
banzai,Japanese
baobab,Medieval Latin
baptise,English
baptism,French
baptismal,none
baptist,none
baptize,French
Baqubah,Arabic
bar,French
bar,none
bar,none
bar,none
bar,Greek
Bar Mitzvah,Hebrew
Barabbas,Greek
barb,French
barb,none
Barbados,Portuguese
Barbara,Latin
barbarian,Medieval Latin
barbaric,French
barbarism,French
barbarity,Latin
barbarous,Latin
Barbary,Latin
barbecue,American Spanish
barbecue,none
barbed wire,American English
barbell,none
barber,Anglo-French
barber-shop,none
barbican,French
Barbie,none
barbiturate,German
Barcelona,none
bard,Scot.
bardic,none
bardolatry,none
bare,Old English
bare,Old English
bare-handed,none
bareback,none
barefaced,French
barefoot,Old English
barely,Old English
bareness,none
barf,American English
barfly,none
bargain,French
bargain,French
barge,French
barge,American English
bariatric,Greek
barista,English
baritone,Italian
barium,Modern Latin
bark,Scand
bark,Middle French
bark,Old English
bark,Old English
barkeep,none
barker,none
barley,Old English
barleycorn,none
barm,Old English
barmaid,none
barmy,none
barn,Old English
Barnabas,Aramaic
barnacle,Breton
barney,none
barnstorm,none
barnyard,none
barometer,Greek
barometric,none
baron,French
baroness,French
baronet,none
baronial,none
barony,French
baroque,French
barouche,German
barque,none
barrack,French
barracks,none
barracuda,American Spanish
barrage,French
barratry,French
barre,French
barrel,French
barrel,American English
barrelful,none
barrelhouse,American English
barren,French
barrenness,none
barret,French
barrette,French
barricade,Middle French
barricade,Spanish
barrier,Anglo-French
barring,none
barrio,Spanish
barrister,none
barroom,none
barrow,Old English
barrow,Old English
barstool,none
bart.,none
bartender,American English
barter,French
Bartholomew,French
bas-relief,French
basal,none
basalt,Late Latin
base,French
base,French
base,none
baseball,American English
baseboard,none
Basel,Latin
baseless,none
baseline,none
basement,none
baseness,none
bash,Scand
bash,none
bashaw,English
basher,none
bashful,French
basic,none
BASIC,Hung
basically,none
basics,none
basil,French
Basil,Latin
basilica,Latin
basilisk,Latin
basin,French
basis,Latin
bask,Old Norse
Baskerville,none
basket,Anglo-French
basket case,American English
basketball,American English
basking,none
Basque,French
bass,Late Latin
bass,Middle English
basset,French
bassinet,French
basso,Italian
bassoon,French
bast,Old English
bastard,French
bastardize,none
bastardy,Anglo-French
baste,French
baste,French
baste,Scand
baster,none
Bastille,French
bastinado,Spanish
bastion,Middle French
bat,Old English
bat,Middle English
bat,American English
bat,none
Bat Mitzvah,none
Batavia,Dutch
batch,Old English
bate,none
bate,French
bateau,French
bated breath,none
batement,none
bath,Old English
bathe,Old English
bathetic,none
bathing,none
batholith,German
bathos,Greek
bathrobe,none
bathroom,none
Bathsheba,Hebrew
bathtub,none
bathukolpian,Greek
bathyscaphe,Greek
batik,Dutch
batman,French
baton,French
Baton Rouge,French
battalion,Middle French
batten,none
batten,English
batten,none
Battenberg,German
batter,French
batter,French
battery,Middle French
batting,none
battle,French
battle,French
battle-axe,none
battledore,Spanish
battlefield,Old English
battlement,French
battleship,none
battology,Greek
batty,none
bauble,French
baud,French
Bauhaus,German
baulk,none
bauxite,French
Bavaria,none
bawd,Middle English
bawdry,French
bawdy,none
bawl,Old Norse
bay,French
bay,French
bay,French
bay,Anglo-French
bay,French
bay,none
Bayard,French
bayonet,French
bayou,French
bazaar,Italian
bazar,none
bazooka,Dutch
bazooms,American English
BBC,none
BBQ,American English
BCE,none
be,Old English
be-,Old English
be-all,none
be-in,none
beach,Old English
beach,none
beach-comber,none
beachfront,American English
beachhead,German
beacon,Old English
bead,Old English
bead,none
beadle,Old English
beadsman,none
beady,none
beagle,French
beak,French
beaker,Old Norse
beal,Scot.
beam,Old English
beam,none
beamish,none
bean,Old English
bean bag,none
beanery,American English
beanie,none
beano,none
bear,Old English
bear,Old English
bear hug,none
bearable,none
beard,Old English
beard,Middle English
beardless,none
bearer,Old English
bearing,none
bearings,none
bearish,none
Bearnaise,French
bearskin,none
beast,French
beastly,none
beat,Old English
beat,Old English
beat,American English
beat up,none
beatable,none
beaten,none
beater,none
beatific,French
beatification,Middle French
beatify,Middle French
beating,none
beatitude,Middle French
Beatlemania,none
Beatles,none
beatnik,none
Beatrice,French
beau,French
beau monde,French
beau-ideal,French
beaucoup,French
Beaufort scale,none
Beaujolais,French
beaut,none
beauteous,none
beautician,American English
beautification,none
beautiful,none
beautify,none
beauty,Anglo-French
beaux arts,French
beaver,Old English
bebop,none
becalm,none
became,none
because,French
bechamel,French
bechance,none
beck,none
beck,none
beckon,Old English
becloud,none
become,Old English
becoming,none
bed,Old English
bed,Old English
bed-clothes,none
bed-rest,none
bed-roll,none
bed-sore,none
bed-wetting,none
bedaub,none
bedazzle,none
bedbug,none
bedchamber,none
bedding,Old English
bedeck,none
bedevil,none
bedevilment,none
bedfellow,Middle English
bedight,none
bedim,none
bedizen,none
bedlam,none
Bedouin,French
bedpan,none
bedpost,none
bedraggle,none
bedraggled,none
bedridden,Old English
bedrock,none
bedroom,none
bedside,none
bedspread,American English
bedstead,none
bedtime,none
bee,Old English
bees knees,none
bee-sting,none
Beeb,none
beech,Old English
beef,French
beef,American English
beef up,none
beefcake,none
beefeater,Old English
beefsteak,none
beefy,none
beehive,none
beek,Scot.
beeline,American English
Beelzebub,Old English
been,none
beep,none
beeper,none
beer,Old English
beery,none
beestings,Old English
beeswax,none
beet,Old English
beetle,Old English
beetle,Old English
beetle,Old English
beeves,French
befall,Old English
befit,none
befitting,none
befool,none
before,Old English
beforehand,none
befoul,none
befriend,none
befuddle,none
beg,Old English
began,none
begat,none
beget,Old English
begetter,none
beggar,French
beggar,none
beggarly,none
beggary,none
begin,Old English
beginner,none
beginning,Old English
begird,Old English
begone,none
begonia,French
begorra,Irish
begotten,none
begrime,none
begrudge,Middle English
beguile,none
beguiling,none
Beguine,French
begun,none
behalf,Old English
behave,German
behavior,Middle English
behavioral,none
behaviorism,none
behaviour,English
behavioural,English
behead,Old English
beheld,none
behemoth,Latin
behest,Old English
behind,Old English
behindhand,none
behold,Old English
beholden,none
beholder,none
behoof,Old English
behoove,Old English
behove,English
beige,French
beignet,French
Beijing,none
being,none
Beirut,Hebrew
bejesus,none
bejewel,none
beknow,none
bel,Scot.
Bel,Akkadian
bel,French
bel canto,Italian
bel paese,Italian
belabor,none
belabour,English
belated,none
belay,Old English
belch,Old English
beldam,Middle English
beleaguer,Dutch
beleave,Old English
belfry,Anglo-Latin
Belgian,none
Belgic,Latin
Belgium,Low German
Belial,Hebrew
belie,Old English
belief,Old English
believability,none
believable,none
believe,Old English
believer,none
belittle,none
belive,Old English
bell,Old English
bell,none
bell-bottoms,none
Bella,Italian
belladonna,Italian
Bellatrix,Latin
bellboy,none
belle,French
Bellerophon,Greek
belles-lettres,French
belletrist,none
bellhop,American English
bellicose,Latin
bellicosity,none
bellied,none
belligerence,Middle English
belligerent,Latin
Bellona,Latin
bellow,Old English
bellowing,none
bellows,Old English
bellwether,Anglo-Latin
belly,Old English
belly,Old English
belly button,none
belly dance,French
bellyache,American English
bellyful,none
belong,Old English
belongings,none
beloved,none
below,Middle English
Belshazzar,Hebrew
belt,Old English
belt,none
Beltane,Scot.
beltless,none
beltway,none
beluga,Russian
belvedere,Italian
Bembo,none
bemoan,Old English
bemuse,none
bemused,none
bemusement,none
ben,Gaelic
bench,Old English
bench,Old English
bench-warmer,Old English
benchmark,none
bend,Old English
bend,none
bend,Old English
bended,none
bender,American English
bene-,Latin
beneath,Old English
benedict,Late Latin
Benedictine,none
benediction,Latin
benefactor,Late Latin
benefice,French
beneficence,Latin
beneficent,none
beneficial,Middle French
beneficiary,French
benefit,Anglo-French
benefit,none
benefits,none
Benelux,none
benevolence,French
benevolent,Middle French
Bengal,none
benight,none
benign,French
benignant,none
benignity,French
Benin,Arabic
benison,French
Benjamin,Hebrew
bent,none
bent,Old English
bent,Latin
benthos,Greek
benumb,none
Benzedrine,French
benzene,German
benzine,none
benzodiazepine,none
benzoic,none
benzoin,Middle French
Beowulf,Old English
bepester,none
bepuzzle,none
bequeath,Old English
bequest,German
berate,Middle English
Berber,Arabic
berceuse,French
bereave,Old English
bereavement,none
bereft,none
Berenice,Latin
beret,French
Beretta,Italian
berg,none
bergamot,French
beriberi,Sinhalese
Bering,Danish
berk,none
Berkshire,Old English
Berlin,German
berlin,French
berm,French
Bermuda,Spanish
Bern,German
Bernard,German
Bernicia,none
Bernoullis principle,Dutch
berry,Old English
berserk,Scot.
berserker,Old Norse
berth,none
berth,none
Bertha,Old High German
beryl,French
beryllium,French
beseech,Middle English
beseeching,none
beseem,none
beseeming,none
beset,Old English
beshrew,none
beside,Old English
besides,none
besiege,none
besmear,Old English
besmirch,none
besom,Old English
besot,none
besotted,none
besought,Middle English
bespangle,none
bespatter,none
bespeak,Old English
bespeckle,none
bespectacled,none
bespoke,none
bespread,none
besprinkle,none
Bessemer,none
best,Old English
best,none
best,none
bestead,none
bestest,none
bestial,French
bestiality,none
bestiary,Medieval Latin
bestir,Old English
bestow,none
bestowal,none
bestrew,Old English
bestride,Old English
bet,Old English
beta,Greek
betake,none
Betamax,Japanese
betcha,none
bete noire,French
beteach,Old English
betel,Portuguese
Betelgeuse,Arabic
Bethany,Hebrew
bethel,Hebrew
Bethesda,Greek
bethink,Old English
Bethlehem,none
betide,none
betimes,none
betoken,Old English
betray,Middle English
betrayal,none
betrayer,none
betroth,Middle English
betrothal,none
betrothed,none
Betsy,American English
better,Old English
better,Old English
better,none
betterment,none
bettor,English
Betty,none
Betula,Latin
between,Old English
betweenity,none
betweenness,none
betwixt,Old English
Beulah,Hebrew
bevel,French
beverage,Anglo-French
Beverly Hills,Old English
bevy,Anglo-French
bewail,none
beware,Old English
beweep,Old English
bewig,none
bewilder,none
bewildered,none
bewilderment,none
bewitch,Old English
bewitched,none
bewray,none
bey,Turk
beyond,Old English
bezant,French
bezel,French
bezique,French
bezoar,Arabic
Bhagavad-Gita,Sanskrit
bhang,Sanskrit
bi,none
bi-,Latin
bialy,Polish
Bianca,Italian
biangular,none
biannual,none
bias,French
bias,none
biased,none
biathlon,Greek
biaxial,none
bib,Latin
bibber,Middle English
bibelot,French
bibitory,Modern Latin
Bible,Anglo-Latin
Bible Belt,none
Bible-thumper,none
biblical,none
biblico-,Medieval Latin
biblio-,Greek
bibliographer,Greek
bibliographical,none
bibliography,Greek
biblioklept,Greek
bibliolator,none
bibliolatry,none
bibliomancy,none
bibliomania,French
bibliomaniac,none
bibliophile,French
bibliopole,Latin
bibliotheca,none
bibliothecary,Latin
bibliothek,Old English
bibulous,Latin
Bic,none
bicameral,Late Latin
bicarbonate,English
bice,French
bicentenary,none
bicentennial,American English
bicep,none
bicephalous,Latin
biceps,Latin
bicipital,Latin
bicker,Middle Dutch
bicker,none
bickering,none
bickering,none
bicoastal,none
bicuspid,Latin
bicycle,Greek
bicyclist,none
bid,Middle English
bidden,none
biddy,Irish
bide,Old English
bidet,French
bidirectional,none
Biedermeier,German
biennial,Latin
biennium,Latin
bier,Old English
bifarious,Latin
biff,none
bifid,Latin
bifocal,none
bifocals,none
bifoliate,none
bifurcate,Medieval Latin
bifurcate,Medieval Latin
bifurcation,none
big,Scand
Big Apple,none
big bang,none
Big Ben,none
Big Brother,none
big deal,American English
Big Dipper,American English
Big Mac,none
big mouth,American English
big shot,American English
big time,none
big-tent,American English
bigamist,French
bigamous,none
bigamy,French
bigass,none
bigfoot,none
bigger,none
biggest,none
biggie,none
bight,Old English
bigness,none
bigot,French
bigoted,none
bigotry,French
bigwig,none
bijou,French
bike,American English
biker,American English
bikini,French
bilabial,none
bilateral,none
bilateralism,none
bilbo,English
Bildungsroman,German
bile,French
bilge,Old North French
biliary,French
bilinear,none
bilingual,Latin
bilingualism,none
bilious,French
bilirubin,German
bilk,none
bill,Anglo-French
bill,Old English
bill,none
bill,Old English
billable,none
billabong,none
billboard,American English
billet,Middle English
billet,Middle French
billet,none
billet-doux,French
billfold,none
billiard,none
billiards,French
billing,none
billingsgate,Old English
billion,French
billionaire,American English
billionth,none
billow,Old Norse
billow,none
billowy,none
billy,American English
bimbo,Italian
bimetallic,French
bimodal,none
bimonthly,none
bin,Old English
binary,Late Latin
binate,Latin
binaural,Latin
bind,Old English
bind,Old English
binder,Old English
bindery,American English
binding,none
bindle,Scot.
bine,none
bing,Old Norse
binge,none
bingo,American English
binnacle,Spanish
binocle,French
binocular,French
binoculars,none
binomial,Late Latin
bint,English
bio,none
bio-,Greek
biocentric,none
biochemical,German
biochemist,none
biochemistry,none
biocide,none
biodegradable,none
biodiesel,none
biodiversity,none
bioethics,none
biofeedback,none
biofuel,none
biogenesis,English
biogenic,none
biogeny,none
biogeography,none
biographer,none
biographical,none
biography,Latin
biohazard,none
biological,none
biologist,none
biology,Greek
bioluminescence,none
bioluminescent,none
biomass,none
biome,Greek
biomechanics,Russian
biomedical,none
biometric,none
biometrics,none
biometry,none
biomorphic,Greek
bionic,Greek
bionics,none
bionomics,Scot.
biopic,none
biopsy,French
biorhythm,none
biosphere,German
biota,Greek
biotechnology,none
bioterrorism,none
biotic,Latin
biotin,German
biparous,Latin
bipartisan,none
bipartisanship,none
bipartite,Latin
biped,Latin
bipedal,Latin
bipedalism,none
biplane,none
biplicity,none
bipolar,German
bipolarity,none
bippy,none
biracial,none
birch,Old English
birchbark,American English
birchen,none
Bircher,none
bird,Old English
bird,Latin
bird,none
bird-brain,none
birdbath,none
birdcage,none
birdie,American English
birdlime,none
birdseed,none
biretta,Italian
Birmingham,English
Biro,Hung
birth,Scand
birth,none
birthday,Old English
birthday suit,Middle English
birthmark,none
birthplace,none
birthright,none
birthstone,none
bis-,Latin
biscotti,Italian
biscuit,French
bisect,Modern Latin
bisection,none
bisector,none
bisexual,none
bisexuality,none
bishop,Old English
bishopric,Old English
Bismarck,German
bismillah,English
bismuth,German
bison,French
bisque,French
bisque,none
bissextile,Late Latin
bistro,French
bit,Old English
bit,none
bit,none
bitch,Old English
bitch,Middle English
bitching,none
bitchy,English
bite,Old English
bite,none
bitmap,none
bitsy,none
bitten,none
bitter,Old English
bitter end,none
bittern,French
bitterness,Old English
bitters,none
bittersweet,Middle English
BitTorrent,none
bitty,American English
bitumen,Latin
bituminous,French
bivalence,none
bivalency,none
bivalent,Latin
bivalve,none
bivariate,Latin
bivouac,French
biweekly,none
biz,American English
bizarre,French
bize,none
blab,Middle English
blabber,Old Norse
blabbermouth,none
black,Old English
black,none
black,Old English
black box,none
black code,American English
black comedy,French
Black Death,English
black dwarf,none
Black English,English
black eye,none
black friar,none
Black Hand,Italian
Black Hills,none
black hole,none
black letter,German
black market,none
Black Panther,none
Black Sea,none
black sheep,none
Black Shirt,Italian
black widow,none
Blackamoor,none
blackball,none
blackberry,Old English
blackbird,none
blackboard,none
blacken,none
blackguard,none
blackhead,none
blackie,none
blacking,none
blackish,none
blackjack,none
blackleg,none
blacklist,none
blackly,none
blackmail,Middle English
blackmail,none
blackness,none
blackout,none
blacksmith,none
blacktop,American English
bladder,Old English
blade,Old English
blah,French
blain,Old English
blaise,Scot.
blame,French
blame,French
blamed,none
blameless,none
blameworthy,none
blanch,French
blanch,none
Blanche,French
blancmange,French
bland,Italian
blandish,French
blandishment,none
blank,French
blank,French
blank,none
blank verse,English
blanket,French
blanket,none
blare,Old English
blaring,none
blarney,none
blase,French
blase,none
blaspheme,French
blasphemous,French
blasphemy,French
blast,Old English
blast,Old English
blasted,none
blastema,Modern Latin
blasto-,Greek
blastocyst,none
blastula,Modern Latin
blat,none
blatant,Latin
blather,Scot.
blather,none
blatherskite,Scot.
blaxploitation,none
blaze,Old English
blaze,English
blaze,Middle Dutch
blaze,none
blaze,American English
blazer,American English
blazes,none
blazing,none
blazon,French
blazon,French
bleach,Old English
bleach,Old English
bleacher,American English
bleak,Old Norse
bleakly,none
bleakness,none
blear,Middle High German
blear,Old English
bleary,none
bleat,Old English
bleat,none
bleb,none
bled,none
bleed,Old English
bleeder,none
bleeding,none
bleeding heart,none
bleep,none
bleep,none
blemish,French
blemish,none
blench,Old English
blend,Old English
blend,none
blende,German
blender,none
blenny,Latin
blepharoplasty,Greek
bless,Old English
blessed,none
blessing,Old English
blest,none
bleu,French
blew,Old English
blight,Old English
blight,none
blighter,none
blimey,none
blimp,none
blind,Old English
blind,Old English
blind,none
blind date,none
blind side,American English
blind spot,none
blinded,none
blinder,none
blindfold,Old English
blindfold,none
blinding,none
blindly,Old English
blindness,Old English
blinds,none
bling,German
blink,Middle Dutch
blink,Middle English
blinkard,none
blinker,none
blinkered,none
blintz,Russian
blip,none
bliss,Old English
bliss,none
blissful,none
blister,French
blister,none
blite,Latin
blithe,Old English
blither,Scot.
blithering,none
blithesome,none
blitz,none
blitzkrieg,German
blizzard,French
bloat,Scand
bloat,none
bloated,none
blob,none
bloc,French
block,French
block,French
blockade,French
blockade,none
blockage,none
blockbuster,none
blocker,none
blockhead,none
blockhouse,French
blocking,none
blocks,none
blocky,none
blog,none
bloke,none
blond,French
blond,none
blonde,none
blondish,none
blondness,none
blood,Old English
blood,none
blood-curdling,none
blood-letting,Old English
blood-red,Old English
blood-stained,none
bloodhound,none
bloodily,none
bloodiness,none
bloodless,Old English
bloodlust,none
bloodshed,Old English
bloodshot,none
bloodstream,none
bloodsucker,none
bloodthirsty,Greek
bloody,German
bloody,Old English
Bloody Mary,none
blooey,none
bloom,Scand
bloom,Old English
bloom,none
bloomer,none
bloomers,Old English
blooming,none
Bloomsbury,none
bloop,none
blooper,American English
blossom,Old English
blossom,Old English
blot,Old Norse
blot,none
blotch,none
blotchy,none
blotter,none
blotting,none
blotto,none
blouse,French
bloviate,American English
bloviation,none
blow,Old English
blow,Old English
blow,Middle Dutch
blow,none
blow job,none
blow out,American English
blow up,Old English
blow-dry,none
blow-fly,none
blow-gun,none
blow-pipe,none
blowback,none
blower,Old English
blowfish,American English
blowhard,none
blowhole,none
blown,Old English
blowzy,none
blub,none
blubber,none
blubber,none
blubbering,none
blubbery,none
Bluchers,none
bludge,none
bludgeon,none
bludgeon,none
bludger,none
blue,French
blue,Scot.
blue,none
blue blood,Spanish
blue chip,none
blue collar,none
blue jeans,none
blue laws,none
blue moon,Greek
blueberry,none
bluebird,none
bluegrass,none
blueing,none
blueprint,none
blues,none
bluestocking,French
bluesy,none
bluff,American English
bluff,Dutch
bluff,none
bluffing,none
bluffs,none
bluish,none
blunder,Scand
blunder,none
blunderbuss,Dutch
blunderful,none
blundering,none
blunt,Old Norse
blunt,none
blunt,none
bluntly,none
bluntness,none
blur,none
blur,none
blurb,none
blurry,none
blurt,none
blush,Old English
blush,none
bluster,none
bluster,Low German
blustery,none
BMX,none
bo tree,Sinhalese
boa,Latin
Boanerges,Late Latin
boar,Old English
board,Old English
board,Old English
board,none
boarder,none
boarding,none
boardroom,none
boardwalk,American English
boast,Anglo-French
boast,none
boastful,none
boat,Old English
boatswain,Old English
bob,Middle English
bob,Irish
bob,none
bobbin,French
bobbinet,none
bobble,none
bobby,none
bobby pin,none
bobby sox,none
bobcat,none
bobolink,American English
bobsled,none
bobwhite,none
Boccaccio,Italian
bocce,Italian
Boche,German
bock,German
bod,none
bodacious,none
bode,Old English
bodega,Mexican Spanish
Bodhisattva,Sanskrit
bodice,none
bodily,none
bodkin,none
Bodleian,none
Bodoni,Italian
body,Old English
bodyguard,none
Boeing,German
Boeotian,Greek
Boer,Dutch
boffin,English
boffo,none
bog,Gaelic
bog,none
bogart,none
bogey,Middle English
bogey,none
bogeyman,none
boggle,Middle English
boggy,none
bogus,American English
boh,none
Bohemia,Middle French
bohemian,French
Bohunk,Hung
boil,French
boil,Middle English
boiler,none
boilermaker,none
boilerplate,none
boink,none
Boise,French
boisterous,Middle English
bok choy,Cantonese
bold,Old English
bold-face,none
bole,Old Norse
bolero,Spanish
Bolivia,none
boll,Old English
bollard,none
bollix,Old English
bollock,none
bollocks,none
Bollywood,none
Bolo,French
bologna,Latin
Bolognese,none
boloney,none
Bolshevik,Russian
bolster,none
bolster,Old English
bolt,Old English
bolt,none
bomb,French
bomb,none
bombard,Middle French
bombard,French
bombardier,French
bombast,French
bombastic,none
Bombay,Portuguese
bombazine,French
bomber,none
bombinate,Latin
bombination,none
bombshell,none
bon,French
bon mot,French
bon vivant,French
bon voyage,French
bona fide,Latin
bona fides,English
bonafide,none
bonanza,American English
bonbon,French
bond,Old English
bond,none
bondage,Anglo-Latin
bonded,none
bondman,Middle English
bondsman,none
bone,Old English
bone,German
bonehead,none
boner,none
bones,American English
bonfire,Middle English
bong,Thai
bongo,American Spanish
bonhomie,French
Boniface,Latin
bonito,Spanish
bonjour,French
bonk,none
bonkers,none
bonnet,Scot.
bonny,French
bonnyclabber,Irish
bonsai,Japanese
bonus,Latin
bony,none
boo,Latin
boo-boo,none
boo-hoo,none
boo-ya,none
boob,American English
boob tube,none
boobs,Latin
booby,Spanish
boodle,American English
booger,none
boogie,American English
book,Old English
book,Old English
bookbinder,none
bookcase,Old English
bookie,none
bookish,none
bookkeeper,English
booklet,none
bookmaker,none
bookmark,none
bookstore,none
bookworm,none
Boolean,English
boom,American English
boom,Scot.
boom,none
boomerang,none
boomerang,none
boon,Old Norse
boon,Middle English
boondocks,none
boondoggle,American English
boonies,none
boor,French
boorish,none
boost,American English
booster,none
boot,French
boot,Old English
boot,none
boot,American English
boot camp,Spanish
boot-licker,none
booth,Old Danish
bootleg,American English
bootlegger,none
bootlegging,none
bootless,Old English
bootless,none
bootstrap,none
booty,French
bootylicious,none
booze,Middle English
boozy,none
bop,none
borage,Anglo-French
borax,Anglo-French
borborygmi,Latin
Bordeaux,none
bordello,French
border,French
border,none
borderline,none
bore,Old English
bore,none
bore,none
boreal,Latin
borealis,none
bored,none
boredom,none
borg,none
boring,none
Boris,Slav.
bork,none
born,Old English
born-again,none
borne,none
Borneo,Portuguese
boron,none
borough,Old English
borrow,Old English
borscht,Russian
bort,French
borzoi,Russian
bose,Scot.
bosh,Turk
Bosnia,Indo-European
bosom,Old English
boson,none
boss,American English
boss,French
boss,none
bossa nova,Portuguese
bossy,Latin
Boston,Old English
bosun,none
bot,English
botanic,French
botanical,none
botanist,none
botany,none
botch,none
both,Old English
bother,Irish
botheration,none
bothersome,none
botony,French
Botox,none
botryo-,Greek
bottle,French
bottle,none
bottleneck,none
bottom,Old English
bottom,none
bottom line,none
bottomless,none
botulism,German
bouche,French
boudoir,French
bouffant,French
bougainvillaea,none
bougainvillea,French
bough,Old English
bought,none
boughten,none
bougie,French
bouillabaisse,French
bouillon,French
boulder,Middle English
boulevard,French
boulevardier,French
bounce,Dutch
bounce,American English
bouncer,American English
bouncing,none
bouncy,none
bound,none
bound,French
bound,none
bound,Old Norse
bound,Anglo-Latin
boundary,none
bounder,English
boundless,none
bounteous,none
bountiful,none
bounty,French
bouquet,English
bourbon,French
Bourbon,French
bourgeois,French
bourgeoise,French
bourgeoisie,French
bourn,Old English
bourn,French
bourse,French
boustrophedon,Greek
bout,Middle English
boutique,French
boutonniere,French
bovine,French
bovver,none
bow,Old English
bow,Old English
bow,Old Norse
bow tie,none
bow-wow,none
bowdlerize,English
bowel,French
bower,Old English
bowery,Dutch
bowie knife,none
bowl,Old English
bowl,none
bowler,Old English
bowler,none
bowling,none
bowls,French
Bowmans capsule,English
bowser,none
bowsprit,Middle Low German
bowyer,none
box,Old English
box,Middle Dutch
box,none
box,none
box-top,American English
boxcar,American English
boxer,German
Boxer Rebellion,none
boxing,none
Boxing Day,none
boxy,none
boy,French
boyar,Russian
boycott,Irish
Boyd,Gaelic
boyfriend,none
boyish,none
Boyles law,Irish
boysenberry,none
bozo,Spanish
bra,none
Brabant,Old High German
brace,French
brace,French
bracelet,French
bracer,none
brach,French
brachio-,Greek
brachiopod,Modern Latin
brachiosaurus,Modern Latin
brachy-,Latin
brack,Dutch
bracken,Scand
bracket,Middle French
bracket,none
brackish,Scot.
bract,Modern Latin
brad,Old Norse
brady-,Greek
brae,Scot.
brag,none
brag,Middle English
Braganza,Portuguese
braggadocio,Italian
braggart,French
Brahma,Sanskrit
Brahman,none
Brahmaputra,none
brahmin,Sanskrit
braid,Old English
braid,Old English
braids,none
brail,French
Braille,French
brain,none
brain,Old English
brain trust,none
brain-child,none
brain-dead,none
brainiac,none
brainstorm,none
brainwash,none
brainwashing,none
brainy,Latin
braise,French
brake,Middle Dutch
brake,none
brake,none
bramble,Old English
bran,French
branch,French
branch,none
brand,Old English
brand,none
brand-new,none
Brandenburg,German
brandish,French
brandy,Dutch
branks,North Sea Germanic
Branwen,none
brash,American English
brass,Old English
brasserie,French
brassiere,French
brassy,none
brat,Old English
Bratislava,Slovak
bratty,none
bratwurst,German
Braun,German
bravado,French
brave,Middle French
brave,French
brave,none
bravery,French
bravo,Italian
bravura,Italian
braw,Scot.
brawl,Dutch
brawl,none
brawn,French
brawny,none
bray,French
bray,none
braze,French
braze,Old English
brazen,Old English
brazier,French
Brazil,Spanish
Brazzaville,French
brb,none
breach,Old English
breach,none
bread,Old English
bread,none
bread-basket,none
breadth,Old English
breadwinner,none
break,Old English
break,none
break dancing,none
breakable,none
breakage,none
breakaway,none
breakdown,none
breaker,none
breakeven,none
breakfast,Old English
breakneck,none
breakout,Old English
breakthrough,none
breakup,none
breakwater,none
bream,French
breast,Old English
breastbone,Old English
breastwork,Old English
breath,Old English
breathalyzer,none
breathe,Old English
breather,none
breathless,none
breathtaking,none
breathy,none
breccia,Italian
bred,none
breech,none
breeches,Old English
breed,Old English
breed,none
breeder,none
breeding,none
breeze,Spanish
breeze,none
breezeway,American English
breezy,none
brekekekex,Greek
Bremen,German
Bren,Czech
Brenner Pass,German
brer,none
Brest,Slav.
brethren,none
Breton,French
breve,Latin
brevet,French
brevet,French
breviary,Latin
brevity,Latin
brew,Old English
brew,none
brewery,Old English
brewhouse,none
brewster,French
briar,none
Briareus,Greek
bribe,French
bribe,French
bribery,none
bric-a-brac,French
brick,French
brick,none
brickbat,none
bridal,Old English
bride,Old English
bridegroom,Old English
bridesmaid,none
bridewell,none
bridge,Old English
bridge,Old English
bridge,Turk
Bridget,Irish
bridle,Old English
bridle,Old English
Brie,Gaulish
brief,Latin
brief,Latin
brief,none
briefcase,none
briefing,none
briefly,none
briefs,none
brier,Middle English
brier,French
brig,none
brigade,French
brigadier,French
brigand,French
brigantine,Middle French
bright,Old English
Brights disease,English
brighten,Old English
brightness,Old English
brill,none
brilliance,none
brilliancy,none
brilliant,French
brim,Old Norse
brim,none
brimful,none
brimming,none
brimstone,Old English
brinded,none
brindle,none
brindled,Middle English
brine,Old English
bring,Old English
brink,Middle Low German
brinkmanship,none
briny,none
brio,Italian
brioche,French
briquette,French
bris,none
brisk,Scot.
brisket,French
bristle,Old English
bristle,none
bristly,none
Bristol,Middle English
Brit,English
Britain,French
Britannic,Latin
britches,none
brite,English
British,Old English
Briton,Anglo-French
Brittany,French
brittle,Old English
bro,none
broach,French
broach,French
broad,Old English
broad,American English
broad-minded,Old English
broadband,none
broadcast,none
broadcasting,none
broaden,none
broadside,English
broadsword,Old English
Broadway,none
Brobdingnag,none
brobdingnagian,none
brocade,Spanish
brocade,none
broccoli,Italian
broch,Scot.
brochure,French
brock,Old English
brogans,Irish
brogue,Irish
broil,French
broil,Anglo-French
broiler,none
broke,Old English
broken,English
broken-hearted,none
broker,Anglo-French
broker,none
brokerage,none
brolly,none
bromeliad,Modern Latin
bromide,none
bromine,French
bronchial,Late Latin
bronchiectasis,Modern Latin
bronchiole,Modern Latin
bronchitis,Modern Latin
bronchoscopy,German
bronchus,Greek
bronco,American English
brontosaurus,Modern Latin
Bronx,Scand
bronze,French
bronze,French
brooch,French
brood,Old English
brood,none
brooding,none
brooding,none
broody,none
brook,Old English
brook,Old English
Brooke,none
Brooklyn,Dutch
broom,Old English
brose,Scot.
broth,Old English
brothel,Old English
brother,Old English
Brother Jonathan,none
brother-in-law,Arabic
brotherhood,Old English
brotherliness,Old English
brotherly,Old English
brougham,none
brought,none
brouhaha,French
brow,Old English
browbeat,none
brown,Old English
brown,none
brown,none
Brown Shirt,German
brown-bag,none
brown-nose,American English
brownfield,American English
Brownian movement,Scot.
brownie,Scot.
Browning,none
brownstone,none
browse,Middle French
browser,none
Bruce,English
brucellosis,Modern Latin
bruin,Middle Dutch
bruise,Old English
bruise,none
bruiser,none
bruit,French
brulee,French
brumal,Latin
brume,French
brummagem,none
brunch,none
brunet,French
brunette,French
brung,none
Bruno,Old High German
brunt,Old Norse
brush,none
brush,French
brush,Anglo-French
brush,French
brushfire,none
brusque,French
Brussels,German
brut,French
brutal,Latin
brutality,none
brute,Middle French
brute,none
brutish,none
Brutus,none
bruxism,Greek
bryo-,Greek
bryophyte,Modern Latin
Brythonic,Latin
BS,none
btw,none
bub,American English
bubba,none
bubble,Middle Dutch
bubble,Middle Low German
bubble-gum,none
bubbly,none
bubo,Late Latin
bubonic,Latin
buccal,Latin
buccaneer,French
Bucephalus,Greek
buck,Old English
buck,none
buck,American English
buck-eye,none
buckaroo,American English
buckboard,Old English
bucket,Anglo-French
Buckinghamshire,Old English
buckish,none
buckle,none
buckle,French
buckle,Middle French
buckler,French
bucko,none
buckra,none
buckram,French
buckshot,none
buckskin,none
bucktooth,French
buckwheat,Middle Dutch
bucolic,Latin
bud,French
bud,none
Budapest,Hung
Buddha,Sanskrit
Buddhism,none
Buddhist,Sanskrit
buddy,American English
buddy,none
budge,Middle French
budgerigar,none
budget,none
budget,Middle French
budgie,none
buff,Middle French
buff,none
buff,none
buffalo,Middle French
Buffalo,French
buffalo,none
buffer,French
buffer,none
buffet,French
buffet,French
buffet,French
bufflehead,none
buffoon,Middle French
buffoonery,none
Bufo,Latin
bug,none
bug,Middle English
bug,none
bug,none
bug off,none
bugaboo,French
bugbear,none
bugger,Medieval Latin
bugger,none
buggery,French
buggy,none
buggy,none
bughouse,none
bugle,French
bugle,none
bugler,none
bugloss,French
build,Old English
build,none
build-up,none
builder,none
building,none
built,none
bulb,Middle French
bulbous,Latin
Bulgar,Medieval Latin
Bulgaria,Medieval Latin
Bulgarian,none
bulge,French
bulge,none
bulgur,Turk
bulimia,Modern Latin
bulimic,none
bulk,Scand
bulk,none
bulkhead,Old Norse
bulky,none
bull,Old English
bull,Medieval Latin
bull,none
bull,Middle English
bull-dyke,none
bull-headed,none
bull-ring,none
bulla,Latin
bulldog,none
bulldoze,none
bulldozer,none
bullet,Middle French
bulletin,French
bullfinch,French
bullfrog,none
bullied,none
bullion,Anglo-French
bullish,none
bullock,Old English
bullpen,none
bullseye,none
bullshit,American English
bullshit,none
bully,Dutch
bully,none
bully pulpit,none
bullying,none
bulrush,Egypt
bulwark,Middle Dutch
bum,none
bum,American English
bum,American English
bum,American English
bumbailiff,none
bumble,none
Bumble,Twi
bumblebee,Middle English
bumf,none
bummer,Scot.
bump,none
bump,Scand
bumper,American English
bumpkin,Middle Dutch
bumptious,none
bumpy,none
bun,French
buna,German
bunch,French
bunch,none
buncombe,none
bund,German
Bundestag,German
bundle,Middle Dutch
bundle,none
bundling,none
bung,Middle Dutch
bung-hole,none
bungalow,none
bungee,none
bungle,Scand
bungle,none
bungler,none
bungling,none
bungling,none
bunion,Middle French
bunk,none
bunk,American English
bunk,none
bunker,Scot.
Bunker Hill,French
bunkum,none
bunny,Scot.
Bunsen burner,none
bunt,Middle English
bunt,none
bunting,Middle English
bunting,Scot.
bunyip,none
buoy,French
buoy,Spanish
buoyance,none
buoyancy,none
buoyant,Spanish
bur,Scand
burble,none
burd,Old English
burden,Old English
burden,French
burdensome,none
burdock,none
burdon,Latin
bureau,French
bureaucracy,French
bureaucrat,French
bureaucratic,French
burette,French
burg,American English
burgeois,none
burgeon,Anglo-French
burger,American English
burgess,French
burgher,Middle Dutch
burglar,Anglo-Latin
burglarious,none
burglarize,American English
burglary,Anglo-Latin
burgle,none
Burgundy,Medieval Latin
burial,Old English
burin,French
burka,Arabic
Burke,Anglo-Norm
burl,French
burlap,Middle English
burlesque,French
burly,Old English
Burma,none
Burmese,none
burn,Old Norse
burn,Old English
burnable,none
burner,none
burning,Old English
burnish,French
burnout,none
burnsides,none
burnt,none
burp,American English
burqua,none
burr,Scot.
burrito,Spanish
burro,Spanish
burrow,Old English
burrow,none
burry,none
bursa,English
bursar,Anglo-Latin
bursary,Medieval Latin
bursitis,none
burst,Old English
burst,Middle English
burthen,none
bury,Old English
bus,English
bus,American English
busboy,none
busby,none
bush,Old English
bush league,none
bushed,American English
bushel,French
bushido,Japanese
bushing,Middle Dutch
Bushman,Dutch
bushwa,none
bushwhacker,American English
bushy,none
busily,none
business,Old English
businessman,none
busk,French
busk,Old Norse
busker,none
buskin,English
busking,none
buss,Gaelic
buss,none
bussing,none
bust,French
bust,American English
bust,none
bustard,French
busted,none
buster,American English
bustier,French
bustle,Middle English
bustle,German
bustle,none
bustling,none
busty,none
busy,Old English
busy,Old English
busy-work,none
busybody,none
busyness,none
but,Old English
butane,Latin
butch,none
butcher,none
butcher,Anglo-French
butchery,French
butler,Anglo-French
butt,Middle Dutch
butt,Anglo-French
butt,French
butt,Anglo-French
butt,German
butte,American English
butter,Old English
butter,Old English
butter-fingered,none
buttercup,none
butterfingers,none
butterfly,Old English
buttermilk,German
butternut,none
buttery,none
buttery,French
butthead,none
butthole,none
buttinski,American English
buttock,none
buttocks,Old English
button,French
button,French
button-hole,none
buttonwood,none
buttress,French
buttress,none
butty,English
butyl,Latin
butyric,Latin
buxom,German
buy,Old English
buy,American English
buy-in,none
buy-out,none
buyer,none
buzkashi,Persian
buzz,none
buzz,none
buzz-cut,American English
buzz-saw,American English
buzzard,French
buzzer,none
buzzword,none
BVDs,none
bwana,none
by,Old English
by-product,none
Byblos,Phoenician
bye,none
bye,none
bygone,none
bygones,none
bylaw,Old Norse
byline,none
BYOB,none
bypass,none
bypass,none
byre,Old English
Byronic,none
bystander,none
byte,American English
byway,none
byword,Old English
Byzantine,Latin
Byzantium,Greek
-cene,Latin
-centric,Latin
-cide,French
-cracy,French
-cule,French
-cy,Latin
C,Etruscan
C.E.,none
C.O.D.,American English
c/o,none
ca.sa.,Latin
cab,French
cabal,French
cabala,none
cabalistic,none
caballero,Spanish
cabana,American Spanish
cabaret,French
cabbage,Middle French
cabbala,Medieval Latin
cabbalistic,none
cabbie,none
caber,Gaelic
cabernet,French
cabin,French
cabinet,Middle French
cabinet-maker,none
cabinetry,none
cable,Old North French
cable,American English
cablese,Latin
cabochon,French
caboodle,none
caboose,Middle Dutch
cabriolet,French
caca,Indo-European
cacao,Spanish
cacciatore,Italian
cache,French
cache-sexe,French
cachectic,Latin
cachet,Scot.
cachexia,Latin
cachinnate,Latin
cachinnation,Latin
cack,Latin
cackle,Middle Dutch
caco-,Latin
cacoethes,Latin
cacoon,none
cacophony,Greek
cactus,Latin
cad,none
cadastral,French
cadaver,Latin
cadaverous,Latin
caddie,Scot.
caddis,none
caddy,Malay
cade,none
cadence,Middle French
cadenza,Italian
cadet,French
cadge,none
Cadillac,French
Cadiz,Latin
Cadmean victory,Greek
cadmium,German
cadre,French
caduceus,Latin
cady,none
caecum,Latin
Caesar,Old English
Caesar salad,none
Caesarea,Latin
caesarean,none
caesarian,Latin
caesium,none
caesura,Latin
cafe,French
cafe au lait,French
cafeteria,American English
caffeine,German
caftan,Turk
cage,French
cage,none
cagey,English
cahier,French
cahoot,none
cahoots,American English
caiman,Portuguese
Cain,Hebrew
cairn,Scot.
Cairo,Egypt
caisson,French
caitiff,Old North French
caitiff,Anglo-French
Caitlin,none
Caius,none
cajole,French
cajolery,French
Cajun,French
cake,Old Norse
cake,none
caked,none
cakewalk,American English
calabash,Spanish
calaboose,American English
Calais,French
calamari,Italian
calamine,French
calamitous,French
calamity,Middle French
calcaneus,Latin
calcareous,Latin
calcify,French
calcite,German
calcitrant,Latin
calcium,English
calculate,Latin
calculated,none
calculating,none
calculation,Late Latin
calculator,Latin
calculus,Latin
Calcutta,none
caldera,Spanish
caldron,none
Caleb,Hebrew
Caledonia,Scot.
calendar,French
calender,Middle French
calender,French
calf,Old English
calf,Old Norse
caliber,Middle French
calibrate,none
calibration,none
calibre,English
calice,none
caliche,American Spanish
calico,none
calid,Latin
California,Spanish
caliginous,Latin
caligraphy,none
Caligula,Latin
caliper,none
caliph,French
caliphate,none
calisthenics,French
call,Old English
call,none
call girl,none
caller,none
calligraphy,Greek
calling,none
calliope,Latin
calliper,none
callipygian,Latin
Callisto,Greek
callithumpian,English
callosal,Latin
callous,Latin
callow,Old English
callus,Latin
calm,French
calm,French
calm,French
calmative,French
calmly,none
calmness,none
calomel,French
Calor,Latin
caloric,French
calorie,French
calorimeter,none
calque,French
calumet,French
calumniate,Latin
calumniation,none
calumniator,Latin
calumnious,Latin
calumny,Middle French
Calvary,Latin
calve,Old English
Calvin,French
Calvinism,none
Calypso,Greek
calyx,Latin
cam,Dutch
cam,none
camaraderie,French
camber,French
cambium,Late Latin
Cambodia,none
Cambrian,Latin
cambric,Flemish
Cambridge,Old English
camcorder,none
came,none
camel,Old English
cameleon,none
camellia,Latin
Camelot,French
Camembert,Medieval Latin
cameo,Anglo-Latin
camera,Latin
camera obscura,none
camerlengo,Italian
Cameron,Gaelic
Camilla,Latin
camisole,French
camomile,French
camouflage,French
camp,French
camp,French
camp,American English
Camp David,none
campagne,none
campaign,French
campaign,none
campanile,Italian
Campbell,Gaelic
Campbellite,none
camper,none
campfire,none
camphor,French
campus,Latin
can,Old English
can,Old English
can,none
cant,none
can-do,none
Canada,Latin
Canadian,none
Canadianism,none
canaille,French
canal,French
canard,French
canary,French
canasta,Spanish
Canberra,none
cancan,French
cancel,Anglo-French
cancellation,Latin
cancer,Old English
cancerous,none
candela,Latin
candelabrum,Latin
candescent,Latin
candid,Latin
candidacy,none
candidate,Latin
candied,none
candle,Old English
candlelight,Old English
Candlemass,Old English
candlestick,Old English
candor,Latin
candour,English
candy,French
candy,none
candy-striper,none
candyass,none
cane,French
cane,none
canebreak,American English
Canfield,none
canicular,Latin
canid,Modern Latin
canine,Latin
canine,Latin
canister,Latin
canker,Old English
cannabis,Modern Latin
canned,none
cannery,none
Cannes,French
cannibal,Spanish
cannibalism,French
cannibalistic,none
cannibalization,none
cannibalize,none
cannister,none
cannon,Anglo-French
cannon-ball,none
cannon-shot,none
cannonade,French
cannot,Old English
cannula,Latin
canny,Scot.
canoe,Spanish
canoe,none
canoeing,none
canola,none
canon,Old English
canon,Anglo-French
canonical,Medieval Latin
canonization,Medieval Latin
canonize,French
canoodle,none
Canopus,Greek
canopy,French
canopy,none
cant,Old North French
cant,Scot.
cantabile,Italian
Cantabrigian,Medieval Latin
cantaloupe,French
cantankerous,Middle English
cantata,Italian
canteen,French
canter,none
canter,none
Canterbury,Old English
canticle,Latin
cantilever,Spanish
cantina,Spanish
cantle,Old North French
canto,Italian
canton,Middle French
Cantonese,English
cantonment,French
cantor,Latin
cantrip,Scot.
Canuck,Chinook
canula,none
canvas,Anglo-French
canvas-back,none
canvass,French
canyon,Mexican Spanish
canzone,Italian
cap,Old English
cap,none
cap-a-pie,Middle French
capability,none
capable,Middle French
capacious,Latin
capacitance,none
capacitate,Latin
capacitor,Latin
capacity,Middle French
caparison,Middle French
cape,Old English
cape,Middle French
Cape Cod,English
capeesh,none
Capella,Latin
caper,Italian
caper,Latin
caper,none
capias,Latin
capiche,Italian
capillarity,French
capillary,Latin
capital,French
capital,Old English
capital,Anglo-French
capital letter,none
capitalise,English
capitalism,none
capitalist,French
capitalization,none
capitalize,none
capitate,Latin
capitation,Late Latin
Capitol,Latin
capitulate,Medieval Latin
capitulation,Middle French
capitulum,English
capnomancy,Latin
capo,Italian
capo,Italian
capon,Old English
capote,French
Cappadocia,Turk
cappella,none
cappuccino,Italian
Capri,Latin
Capri pants,Italian
capriccio,Italian
caprice,French
capricious,French
Capricorn,Old English
caprine,Latin
capris,none
capsaicin,none
Capsicum,French
capsid,Latin
capsize,Spanish
capstan,French
capstone,none
capsule,French
capsulize,none
captain,French
captain,none
captaincy,none
captation,Middle French
caption,French
caption,none
captious,Middle French
captivate,Late Latin
captive,Latin
captivity,French
captor,Latin
capture,Middle French
capture,none
Capuchin,Middle French
caput,Latin
capybara,Tupi
car,Anglo-French
car-pool,American English
carabineer,French
carabinieri,Italian
carafe,French
caramba,Spanish
caramel,French
caramelize,none
carapace,French
carat,Middle French
caravan,Middle French
caravansary,none
caravanserai,Persian
caravel,Middle French
caraway,Spanish
carb,none
carbide,none
carbine,French
carbo-,none
carbohydrate,Greek
carbolic,none
carbon,French
carbon copy,none
carbon dioxide,none
carbon monoxide,none
carbonate,French
carbonate,French
carbonated,none
carbonation,none
Carboniferous,English
Carborundum,none
carboy,Persian
carbs,none
carbuncle,Old North French
carbuncular,Latin
carburetor,Modern Latin
carcass,Anglo-French
carceral,Latin
carcinogen,none
carcinogenic,none
carcinoma,Latin
card,Middle French
card,French
card,none
card,French
card-carrying,none
cardamom,French
cardboard,none
cardiac,French
cardigan,English
cardinal,Latin
cardinal,Latin
cardinal number,none
cardinality,none
carding,none
cardio-,Latin
cardiogram,none
cardiograph,none
cardiology,none
cardiopulmonary,none
cardiovascular,none
cardoon,French
care,Old English
care,Old English
care package,none
care-free,Old English
care-taker,none
care-worm,none
careen,French
career,Middle French
career,none
careerist,none
careful,Old English
carefully,Old English
carefulness,Old English
caregiver,none
careless,Old English
carelessness,Old English
cares,Old English
caress,French
caress,French
caret,Latin
careworn,none
carfax,none
cargo,Spanish
Carib,Spanish
Caribbean,Carib
caribou,French
caricature,none
caricature,French
caricaturist,none
caries,Latin
carillon,French
caring,none
caring,none
carious,French
caritas,Latin
cark,Anglo-French
carl,Old Norse
Carl,Middle High German
Carlisle,none
Carlos,Spanish
Carlovingian,French
Carmel,Latin
Carmelite,Medieval Latin
Carmen,French
carminative,Latin
carmine,French
Carnaby Street,English
carnage,Middle French
carnal,French
carnalite,none
carnality,Late Latin
carnalize,none
carnally,none
carnation,Middle French
carnelian,Latin
carnival,French
Carnivora,Latin
carnivore,French
carnivorous,Latin
carny,none
carob,French
carol,French
Carol,Medieval Latin
carol,French
Carolina,Latin
caroline,French
Caroline,French
caroling,none
Carolingian,French
carom,French
carom,none
carotene,German
carotenoid,German
carotid,Greek
carousal,none
carouse,Middle French
carousel,French
carp,French
carp,Old Norse
carpaccio,Italian
carpal,Modern Latin
Carpathian,Greek
carpe diem,Latin
carpel,Modern Latin
carpenter,Anglo-French
carpentry,French
carper,none
carpet,French
carpet,none
carpetbag,none
carpetbagger,American English
carpeting,none
carpo-,Latin
carpo-,Latin
carport,American English
carpus,Modern Latin
carrack,French
carrefour,French
carrel,Medieval Latin
carriage,Anglo-French
carrier,none
carrion,Anglo-French
carrot,Middle French
carroty,none
carrousel,none
carry,Anglo-French
carry,none
carry-all,none
carry-out,none
carsick,none
cart,Old Norse
cart,none
cart-way,none
cartage,none
carte blanche,French
carte de visite,French
cartel,Middle French
carter,Anglo-French
Cartesian,Latin
Carthage,Phoenician
Carthusian,Latin
cartilage,Middle French
cartilaginous,French
cartography,French
carton,French
cartoon,French
cartoon,none
cartoonist,none
cartouche,French
cartridge,French
cartwheel,none
cartwright,none
carve,Old English
carver,none
carving,none
caryatid,Middle French
casaba,Turk
Casablanca,Spanish
Casanova,English
casbah,French
cascade,French
cascade,none
case,French
case,Anglo-French
case,American English
case-work,none
casein,French
casement,French
caseous,Latin
cash,Middle French
cash,none
cashew,French
cashier,Middle French
cashier,Middle Dutch
cashmere,none
Casimir,Medieval Latin
casing,none
casino,Italian
cask,Middle French
casket,English
Caspian,Latin
casque,French
Cassandra,Greek
cassation,French
cassava,French
casserole,French
cassette,French
cassia,Old English
Cassiopeia,Greek
cassis,French
Cassius,none
cassock,Middle French
cassowary,French
cast,Scand
cast,none
cast iron,none
cast-off,none
castanet,French
castaway,none
caste,Latin
castellan,Old North French
castellated,Medieval Latin
caster,none
caster,none
castigate,Latin
castigation,Latin
Castile,Spanish
casting,none
castle,Old English
castle,none
castor,French
castrate,Latin
castrati,none
castration,Latin
castrato,Italian
casual,Middle French
casualness,none
casualty,none
casuist,French
casus belli,Latin
cat,Old English
CAT,none
cat-o-nine-tails,none
cata-,Latin
catabolic,none
catabolism,Greek
catachresis,Latin
cataclysm,French
cataclysmic,none
catacomb,Old English
catafalque,French
Catalan,Catalan
catalectic,Late Latin
catalepsy,Medieval Latin
cataleptic,Late Latin
catalog,none
catalogue,French
catalogue,none
catalpa,Muskogean
catalyse,none
catalysis,Latin
catalyst,English
catalytic,Latin
catalyze,French
catamaran,Tamil
catamite,Latin
catamount,none
cataphract,Middle English
cataplexy,German
catapult,Middle French
catapult,none
cataract,Latin
catarrh,Medieval Latin
catastrophe,Latin
catastrophic,none
catastrophism,none
catatonia,Latin
catatonic,none
catawampus,Scot.
Catawba,Siouan
catbird,none
catcall,none
catch,Anglo-French
catch,none
Catch-22,none
catch-all,none
catch-up,none
catcher,none
catching,none
catchment,none
catchphrase,none
catchpoll,Old English
catchup,none
catchword,none
catchy,none
catechesis,Greek
catechise,English
catechism,French
catechist,Church Latin
catechize,Church Latin
catecholamine,Malay
catechumen,French
categorical,Late Latin
categorization,French
categorize,none
category,Middle French
catenary,Latin
cater,Middle English
caterer,none
caterpillar,Middle English
caterwaul,Low German
catfish,none
catgut,none
Cathar,Medieval Latin
catharsis,Latin
cathartic,Latin
Cathay,Medieval Latin
cathected,Greek
cathedra,Latin
cathedral,Late Latin
Catherine,French
catheter,French
cathexis,Latin
cathode,Latin
catholic,French
Catholic,none
Catholicism,none
catholicity,none
Catiline,none
cation,Greek
catkin,Dutch
catnap,none
catnip,American English
catoblepas,Latin
catoptric,Latin
catoptromancy,Latin
catsuit,none
cattail,none
cattish,none
cattle,Anglo-French
catty,none
catty-cornered,American English
catwalk,none
Caucasian,German
Caucasian,none
Caucasus,Latin
caucus,none
caucus,American English
caudal,Latin
caudillo,Latin
caudle,Old North French
caught,English
caul,French
cauldron,Anglo-French
cauliflower,Italian
cauline,Latin
caulis,Latin
caulk,Old North French
causal,Latin
causality,none
causation,Latin
causative,French
cause,French
cause,French
causeway,Middle English
caustic,Latin
cauterization,French
cauterize,French
cautery,Latin
caution,French
caution,none
cautionary,none
cautious,Latin
cavalcade,Middle French
cavalier,Italian
cavalier,none
cavalry,Middle French
cave,French
cave,American English
caveat,Latin
caveat emptor,Latin
cavern,French
cavernous,Latin
caviar,French
cavil,Middle French
cavitate,none
cavitation,none
cavity,Middle French
cavort,American English
caw,none
caw,none
cay,Spanish
cayenne,Tupi
cayuse,American English
CB,none
cc,none
CD,none
CD-ROM,none
CDC,none
cease,French
cease,French
cease-fire,none
ceaseless,none
Cecil,Latin
Cecilia,none
cecum,none
cedar,Old English
cede,French
cedilla,Spanish
Cedric,Scot.
cee,none
ceilidh,Irish
ceiling,Middle English
cel,none
celadon,French
celeb,American English
Celebes,Portuguese
celebrant,French
celebrate,Latin
celebrated,none
celebration,English
celebratory,none
celebrity,French
celerity,French
celery,French
Celeste,French
celestial,French
Celia,Italian
celiac,none
celibacy,English
celibate,French
cell,Medieval Latin
cellar,Anglo-French
celled,none
cellist,none
cello,none
cellophane,none
cellphone,none
cellular,Modern Latin
cellulite,French
cellulitis,Latin
celluloid,Greek
cellulose,French
Celsius,Swedish
celt,Latin
Celt,Latin
Celt-Iberian,none
Celtic,French
cement,French
cement,French
cementation,none
cemetery,French
cenacle,French
cenobite,Church Latin
cenotaph,French
Cenozoic,Latin
cense,none
censer,French
censor,Middle French
censor,none
censorious,Latin
censorship,none
censurable,none
censure,Latin
censure,French
census,Latin
cent,Latin
centaur,Latin
centaury,Medieval Latin
centenarian,none
centenary,Latin
centennial,Latin
center,French
center,none
centerfield,none
centerfold,none
centerpiece,none
centi-,English
centigrade,French
centigram,French
centiliter,French
centillion,French
centime,French
centimeter,French
centipede,French
central,French
centrality,none
centralization,French
centralize,French
centre,English
centrifugal,Modern Latin
centrifuge,French
centriole,German
centripetal,Modern Latin
centrism,none
centrist,French
centrosome,German
centurion,Latin
century,Latin
CEO,none
cephalic,Latin
cephalization,Greek
cephalo-,Modern Latin
cephalopod,French
cephalothorax,French
Cepheid,Greek
ceraceous,Latin
ceramic,Greek
cerato-,Latin
ceratosaurus,none
Cerberus,Latin
cere,French
cereal,French
cerebellum,Latin
cerebral,French
cerebration,English
cerebrovascular,Latin
cerebrum,Latin
ceremonial,Late Latin
ceremonious,Middle French
ceremony,French
Ceres,Greek
Cereus,Latin
ceriph,none
cerise,French
cerium,none
cero-,Latin
ceromancy,French
cert,none
certain,French
certainly,none
certainty,Anglo-French
certes,French
certifiable,none
certificate,French
certificated,Medieval Latin
certification,Medieval Latin
certify,French
certiorari,Latin
certitude,Middle French
cerulean,Latin
cerumen,Latin
cerveza,Spanish
cervical,French
cervix,Latin
Cesar,Spanish
cesarean,none
cesarian,none
cesium,Modern Latin
cess,none
cessation,Latin
cession,French
cesspit,none
cesspool,French
Cestrian,Old English
Cetacea,Modern Latin
cetacean,none
ceteris paribus,Modern Latin
cetyl,Latin
Ceylon,Portuguese
cf,none
cf.,Latin
cgi,none
ch,French
cha,Mandarin
cha-cha,Latin
Chablis,French
chad,none
Chad,French
chad,none
chador,Persian
chaeto-,Latin
chaetophobia,none
chafe,French
chafer,Old English
chaff,Old English
chaffer,Old English
chaffinch,Old English
chagrin,French
chagrin,none
chai,Russian
chain,French
chain,none
chainsaw,none
chair,French
chair,none
chairman,none
chairperson,American English
chairwoman,none
chaise,French
chakra,Sanskrit
chalazion,Greek
chalcedony,Latin
Chaldean,Latin
chalet,French
chalice,Anglo-French
chalk,Old English
chalk,Old English
chalk-mark,none
chalkboard,none
chalky,none
challah,Hebrew
challenge,Anglo-French
challenge,French
challenged,none
challenger,Anglo-French
challis,none
cham,French
chamber,French
chamber,none
chamber-lye,none
chamber-pot,none
chambered,none
chamberlain,French
chambermaid,none
chambray,American English
chameleon,French
chamfer,Middle French
chamfered,none
chamois,Middle French
chamomile,none
Chamorro,Spanish
champ,American English
champ,none
champagne,French
champaign,French
champertous,French
champignon,Middle French
champion,French
champion,Scot.
championship,none
chance,none
chance,French
chancel,French
chancellery,none
chancellor,French
chancery,French
chancre,French
chancy,none
chandelier,French
chandler,French
chandlery,Middle French
Chanel,French
change,French
change,Anglo-French
changeable,French
changeling,none
changer,French
channel,none
channel,French
chanson,French
chant,French
chant,French
chanter,French
chanteuse,French
chanticleer,French
Chantilly,Medieval Latin
chanty,French
Chanukah,Hebrew
chaos,French
chaotic,English
chap,none
chap,Middle Dutch
chaparral,American English
chapbook,none
chapeau,Middle French
chapel,French
chaperon,French
chaperon,French
chaplain,French
chaplet,French
Chaplinesque,French
chapman,Middle English
Chappaquiddick,Algonquian
chaps,American English
chaps,none
chapter,French
char,none
charabanc,French
character,French
characterisation,English
characterise,English
characteristic,Greek
characterization,none
characterize,Medieval Latin
charade,French
charcoal,French
charcuterie,French
chard,French
Chardonnay,French
charette,French
charge,French
charge,French
chargeable,none
charger,none
chariot,French
charioteer,French
charisma,German
charismatic,Greek
charitable,French
charity,French
charivari,French
charlatan,French
Charlemagne,French
Charles,French
Charless Wain,Old English
Charleston,none
charley horse,none
Charlie,Japanese
Charlotte,French
charm,French
charm,French
charnel,French
Charon,Greek
chart,Middle French
chart,none
charter,none
charter,French
charter school,none
Charterhouse,English
Chartism,English
Chartres,Gaulish
chartreuse,Medieval Latin
chartulary,Medieval Latin
charwoman,Middle English
chary,Old English
Charybdis,Latin
chase,French
chase,French
chase,French
chaser,French
chasm,Latin
chasse,French
chassepot,French
chasseur,French
chassis,American English
chaste,French
chasten,Middle English
chastise,French
chastisement,none
chastity,French
chasuble,French
chat,none
chat,none
chateau,French
chateaubriand,French
chatelaine,French
Chattahoochee,none
Chattanooga,Cherokee
chattel,French
chatter,Dutch
chatter,none
chatterbox,none
chatty,none
Chaucer,French
chauffer,French
chauffeur,French
chauffeur,none
Chautauqua,Iroquoian
chauvinism,French
chauvinist,French
chav,none
chaw,none
Che,none
cheap,Old English
cheapen,none
cheapie,none
cheaply,none
cheapo,none
cheapskate,American English
chear,none
cheat,French
cheat,none
cheater,none
cheating,none
check,French
check,none
check,none
check,none
checked,none
checker,French
checker,French
checker,Anglo-Latin
checkered,none
checkers,none
checklist,American English
checkmate,French
checkmate,none
checkout,none
checkpoint,none
checkup,American English
cheddar,Old English
cheek,Old English
cheeks,none
cheeky,none
cheep,Scot.
cheer,Anglo-French
cheer,none
cheerful,none
cheerio,none
cheerleader,American English
cheerless,none
cheers,none
cheery,none
cheese,Old English
cheese,Urdu
cheese,none
cheese cloth,none
cheeseburger,American English
cheesecake,none
cheesed,none
cheesy,none
cheetah,Sanskrit
chef,French
Cheka,Russian
chelate,Modern Latin
chelicerae,Modern Latin
cheliped,Modern Latin
Chelsea,Old English
chemical,Medieval Latin
chemical,none
chemise,Old English
chemist,Middle French
chemistry,none
chemo-,none
chemosynthesis,none
chemotaxis,German
chemotherapy,German
chenille,French
cheque,none
chequer,none
Cher,none
cherchez la femme,French
cherish,French
Chernobyl,Ukrainian
chernozem,Russian
Cherokee,Cherokee
cheroot,Portuguese
cherry,Anglo-French
cherry-pick,American English
Chersonese,Greek
chert,none
cherub,Late Latin
cherubic,none
chervil,Old English
Cheryl,none
Chesapeake,Algonquian
Cheshire,none
chess,French
chess-board,none
chessmen,none
chest,Old English
Chester,Old English
Chesterfield,Old English
chestnut,Middle English
chesty,American English
chetnik,Serb.
cheval de frise,French
chevalier,Anglo-French
Cheviot,Scot.
chevron,French
Chevy,none
chew,Old English
chew,none
chewable,none
Cheyenne,French
chez,French
chi,Greek
chi-chi,French
Chian,Greek
Chiang Mai,Thai
chianti,Italian
chiaroscuro,Italian
chiasm,none
chiasma,Latin
chiasmus,Latin
chiastic,Latin
chic,French
chica,American Spanish
Chicago,French
chicane,English
chicanery,French
Chicano,Mexican Spanish
chick,none
chick-pea,French
chickadee,American English
Chickasaw,none
chicken,Old English
chicken,none
chicken hawk,American English
chicken pox,none
chicken-shit,none
chickweed,Old English
chicle,American English
Chicom,American English
chicory,Middle French
chide,Old English
chief,French
chief,French
chiefdom,none
chiefly,none
chieftain,Anglo-French
chifferobe,none
chiffon,French
chiffonade,French
chiffonier,French
chigger,Carib
chignon,French
Chihuahua,none
chilblain,none
child,Old English
child-bearing,none
child-proof,none
childbed,none
childbirth,none
childe,Old English
Childermas,Old English
childhood,Old English
childish,Old English
childless,none
childlike,none
children,none
Chile,Mexican Spanish
chili,Nahuatl
chiliad,Latin
chiliasm,Latin
chill,Old English
chill,none
chilly,none
chime,none
chime,Old English
chimenea,Mexican Spanish
chimera,French
chimerical,none
chimichanga,none
chimney,French
chimpanzee,none
chin,Old English
chin,American English
chin-strap,none
chin-up,none
china,none
China,Sanskrit
Chinaman,none
Chinatown,none
chinch,Spanish
chinchilla,Spanish
chine,French
Chinese,none
chink,Middle English
chink,none
chink,none
chinky,none
chinned,none
chino,American Spanish
Chinook,Chinook
chinos,American Spanish
chintz,Sanskrit
chintzy,none
chiono-,Latin
chip,Old English
chip,Old English
chip,none
chipmunk,Algonquian
chipotle,Mexican Spanish
Chippendale,English
chipper,American English
Chippewa,Ojibwa
chippy,none
chiral,Latin
chiro-,Latin
chirography,Anglo-French
chiromancy,French
Chiron,Latin
chiropodist,Greek
chiropractic,American English
chiropractor,Latin
chirp,Middle English
chirpy,none
chirr,none
chirrup,none
chirurgeon,Greek
chisel,Anglo-French
chisel,none
chiseled,none
chiseler,none
Chisholm Trail,Cherokee
chit,Sanskrit
chit,Middle English
chitchat,none
chitin,French
chiton,Latin
chitter,none
chitter-chatter,none
chitterlings,Old English
chivalresque,French
chivalric,none
chivalrous,French
chivalry,French
chive,Old North French
chivvy,English
chlamydia,Latin
Chloe,Latin
chloral,German
chloride,none
chlorinate,none
chlorination,none
chlorine,English
chloro-,Latin
chlorofluorocarbon,none
chloroform,French
chlorophyll,French
chloroplast,German
choad,none
choate,none
chock,Old North French
chock,none
chock-a-block,none
chock-full,French
chocolate,Nahuatl
chocolatey,none
Choctaw,Spanish
choice,French
choice,none
choir,French
choir-boy,none
chokage,none
choke,Old English
choke,none
choke-hold,none
choker,none
cholecyst,Latin
cholecystitis,none
choler,French
cholera,Middle French
choleraic,none
choleric,French
cholesterol,French
cholinergic,German
Cholo,Latin
chomp,American English
chondro-,Latin
choo-choo,none
choose,Old English
choosy,American English
chop,Old North French
chop,Old English
chop,none
chop suey,American English
chop-chop,English
chop-house,none
chopper,none
chopping,none
choppy,none
chops,none
chopstick,English
choral,Middle French
chorale,German
chord,French
chord,Greek
Chordata,Modern Latin
chordate,none
chore,American English
chorea,Modern Latin
choreograph,American English
choreographer,Greek
choreography,French
choreology,Latin
choric,Latin
chorine,none
chorion,Latin
chorister,Anglo-French
chorizo,Spanish
chork,Scot.
choroid,Latin
chortle,none
chorus,Latin
chose,none
chosen,none
chou,French
chouse,Turk
chow,American English
chow mein,American English
chowder,American English
chrestomathy,French
Chris,none
chrism,Old English
Christ,Old English
Christ-like,Old English
Christabel,none
christen,Old English
Christendom,Old English
Christening,Old English
Christer,none
Christian,Old English
Christianism,none
Christianity,French
christianize,none
Christina,none
Christless,none
Christmas,Old English
Christmassy,none
Christmastide,none
Christology,none
Christopher,Church Latin
Christy Minstrels,none
chroma,Latin
chromatic,Latin
chromatin,German
chromato-,Latin
chromatography,Latin
chromatophore,Greek
chrome,French
chromium,French
chromosome,German
chromosphere,English
chronic,Middle French
chronicle,Anglo-French
chronicle,none
chronicler,none
chrono-,Latin
chronograph,Greek
chronological,none
chronology,Middle French
chronometer,none
chrysalid,Middle French
chrysalis,Latin
chrysanthemum,Latin
chryselephantine,German
Chrysler,German
chthonian,Latin
chthonic,Greek
chub,none
chubbiness,none
chubby,Old Norse
chuck,French
chuck,American English
chuck,none
chuckle,Middle English
chuckle,none
chucklehead,none
chuff,none
chug,none
chukker,Sanskrit
chum,none
chum,Scot.
chummy,none
chump,Old Norse
chunder,none
chunk,American English
chunk,American English
chunky,none
Chunnel,English
church,Old English
church,none
churchman,none
churchyard,none
churl,Old English
churlish,Old English
churn,Old English
churn,none
chute,American English
chute,none
chutney,none
chutzpah,Hebrew
chyle,Late Latin
chyme,Latin
CIA,none
ciabatta,Italian
ciao,Italian
cicada,Latin
cicatrix,Latin
Cicely,Latin
cicerone,Italian
Ciceronian,English
cicisbeo,Italian
Cid,Spanish
cider,French
cif,none
cig,none
cigar,Spanish
cigarette,American English
cigarillo,Spanish
cilantro,Spanish
cilia,Latin
cilice,Old English
cill,none
cimex,Latin
Cimmerian,Assyrian
cinch,American English
cinch,American English
Cincinnati,Latin
cincture,Latin
cinder,Old English
Cinderella,French
Cindy,none
cine,French
cinema,French
cinematic,French
cinematographer,none
cinematography,English
Cinerama,none
cinnabar,French
cinnamon,French
cinquain,French
cinque,English
Cinque Ports,Anglo-Latin
cinquecento,Italian
cinquefoil,Latin
cipher,French
cipher,Arabic
circa,Latin
circadian,Latin
Circe,Latin
circle,French
circle,none
circlet,Middle French
circuit,French
circuit,none
circuitous,Medieval Latin
circuitry,none
circular,Anglo-French
circular,none
circularity,none
circulate,Latin
circulation,Middle French
circulator,Latin
circulatory,French
circum-,Latin
circumambient,none
circumambulate,Latin
circumcise,French
circumcision,Latin
circumduction,Latin
circumference,Latin
circumflex,Latin
circumfluent,Latin
circumjacent,Latin
circumlocution,Latin
circumnavigate,Latin
circumnavigation,none
circumpolar,none
circumscribe,Latin
circumscription,Latin
circumspect,Latin
circumspection,French
circumstance,French
circumstances,none
circumstantial,Latin
circumstantiate,Latin
circumvent,Latin
circumvention,Latin
circumvolution,Latin
circumvolve,Latin
circus,Latin
cire,French
cirque,French
cirrhosis,Modern Latin
cirro-,Latin
cirrocumulus,none
cirrous,Latin
cirrus,Latin
cis-,Latin
cisalpine,Latin
ciseaux,French
cismontane,Latin
cissy,English
cist,Latin
Cistercian,Medieval Latin
cistern,French
cit,none
citadel,Middle French
citation,French
cite,French
citified,American English
citify,none
citizen,Anglo-French
citizenry,none
citizenship,none
citric,Modern Latin
citrine,French
citron,French
citronella,French
citrus,Modern Latin
city,English
civet,Middle French
civic,Latin
civics,American English
civil,French
civil disobedience,none
civil rights,American English
civil service,none
civil union,none
civil war,Latin
civilian,French
civilisation,English
civility,French
civilization,French
civilize,French
civilized,none
civilly,none
civvy,none
clabber,Irish
clachan,Scot.
clack,Old English
clack,none
clad,Old English
claddagh,Irish
clade,Greek
cladism,none
cladistic,none
claim,French
claim,French
claimant,French
clair-de-lune,French
clairaudience,French
Claire,French
clairvoyance,French
clairvoyant,none
clairvoyant,French
clam,Scot.
clam,American English
clam-shell,none
clambake,American English
clamber,Middle English
clamjamphry,Scot.
clammy,Middle English
clamor,French
clamor,none
clamorous,Middle French
clamour,English
clamp,Middle Dutch
clamp,none
clamp-down,none
clan,Gaelic
clandestine,Latin
clang,Latin
clang,none
clangor,Latin
clangorous,Medieval Latin
clank,Low German
clank,none
clannish,none
clansman,none
clap,Old English
clap,none
clap,Middle English
clapboard,Middle Dutch
clapper,Old English
clapperclaw,none
claptrap,none
claque,French
Clara,Latin
Clarence,Medieval Latin
clarendon,none
claret,French
clarification,French
clarify,French
clarinet,French
clarion,French
Clarisse,none
clarity,French
Clark,Middle English
clash,Dutch
clash,none
clasp,Old English
clasp,none
clasp-hook,none
class,French
class,French
classic,French
classic,Greek
classical,none
classicism,none
classics,Greek
classifiable,none
classification,Latin
classificatory,Latin
classified,American English
classify,French
classism,none
classless,none
classmate,none
classroom,none
classy,none
clastic,Latin
clatter,Old English
Claude,French
Claudia,Latin
claudication,Middle French
Claudius,none
clausal,none
clause,French
claustral,Middle French
claustration,Latin
claustrophilia,none
claustrophobia,Italian
claustrophobic,none
claves,American Spanish
clavichord,Medieval Latin
clavicle,Middle French
clavier,French
claviger,Latin
claw,Old English
claw,Old English
clay,Old English
clayey,Old English
claymore,Scot.
clean,Old English
clean,none
clean,Old English
clean-cut,none
clean-living,none
clean-up,none
cleaner,none
cleanliness,none
cleanly,Old English
cleanly,Old English
cleanness,Old English
cleanse,Old English
cleanser,Old English
cleansing,Old English
clear,French
clear,none
clear,none
clearance,American English
clearing,American English
clearing-house,none
clearly,none
cleat,Old English
cleavage,none
cleave,Old English
cleave,Middle English
cleaver,none
clechy,French
cledonism,Latin
clef,Middle French
cleft,Middle English
cleft,none
Clematis,Latin
clemency,Latin
clement,French
clementine,French
Clementine,none
Clementine,none
clench,Old English
clench,none
Cleon,Latin
Cleopatra,Egypt
clepe,Old English
clepsydra,Greek
cleptomaniac,Latin
clerestory,none
clergy,French
clergyman,none
clergywoman,none
cleric,Church Latin
clerical,French
clerihew,English
clerisy,German
clerk,Old English
clerk,none
cleromancy,French
Cleveland,Middle English
clever,East Frisian
clevis,none
clew,English
cliche,French
click,Dutch
click,none
click-bait,none
client,Anglo-French
clientele,French
cliff,Old English
cliff-hanger,none
climacteric,Latin
climactic,none
climate,Scot.
climate change,none
climatic,none
climatography,none
climatological,none
climatologist,none
climatology,none
climax,Late Latin
climax,none
climb,Old English
climb,none
climbable,none
climber,none
clime,Latin
clinch,none
clinch,none
clincher,none
cline,Greek
cling,Old English
clingstone,none
clingy,none
clinic,French
clinical,none
clinician,French
clink,Dutch
clink,none
clink,none
clinker,Dutch
clino-,Latin
clinometer,none
Clio,Latin
clip,Scand
clip,Old English
clip,Old English
clip,none
clip-clop,none
clip-on,none
clipboard,none
clipper,Middle English
clippers,none
clipping,none
clipping,none
clique,French
cliquish,none
clit,none
clitellum,Modern Latin
clitoral,none
clitoridectomy,Greek
clitoris,Modern Latin
cloaca,Latin
cloak,Old North French
cloak,none
cloak-room,none
clobber,none
cloche,French
clock,Middle Dutch
clock,none
clock,none
clock-radio,none
clock-watcher,none
clockwise,none
clockwork,none
clod,Old English
cloddish,none
clodhopper,none
clog,Middle English
clog,none
cloison,French
cloisonne,French
cloister,French
cloister,none
cloistral,none
clomp,none
clone,Greek
clone,none
clonk,none
clonus,Modern Latin
Clootie,Scot.
clop,none
Cloris,Latin
close,French
close,French
close,French
close,none
close quarters,none
close-up,none
closed,none
closely,none
closeness,none
closer,none
closet,French
closet,none
closing,none
closure,French
clot,Old English
clot,none
cloth,Old English
clothe,Old English
clothes,Old English
clothes-horse,none
clothes-line,none
clothes-pin,American English
clothier,Middle English
Clothilde,French
clothing,none
Clotho,Latin
cloture,French
cloud,Old English
cloud,none
Cloud Cuckoo Land,none
cloud nine,American English
cloudburst,American English
cloudless,none
cloudlet,none
cloudy,Old English
clough,Old English
clout,Old English
clout,none
clove,Anglo-French
clove,Old English
cloven,Old English
clover,Middle English
cloverleaf,none
Clovis,Frankish
clowder,none
clown,Scand
clown,none
clownage,none
clownery,none
clownify,none
clowning,none
clownish,none
cloy,Middle English
cloying,none
cloze,none
club,Old Norse
club,none
club-fist,none
club-foot,none
club-house,none
clubbed,none
clubby,none
cluck,Old English
cluck,none
clue,none
clue,none
clueless,none
clump,Middle English
clump,none
clump,none
clumperton,none
clumpy,none
clumsy,Middle English
clung,Old English
clunk,none
clunker,none
clunky,none
cluster,Old English
cluster,none
clusterfuck,none
clutch,Old English
clutch,Scand
clutch,none
clutch,none
clutter,none
clutter,none
Clyde,Scot.
Clydesdale,Scot.
clyster,French
Clytaemnestra,Greek
cn-,Old English
Cnidaria,Latin
co-,Latin
co-ed,American English
co-op,none
co-opt,Latin
co-ordinate,none
co-star,none
co.,none
coach,Middle French
coach,none
coachman,none
coagulant,Latin
coagulate,Latin
coagulation,Latin
coal,Old English
coalesce,Latin
coalition,French
coaming,none
coarse,French
coarsen,none
coast,French
coast,Anglo-French
coastal,Latin
coaster,none
coastline,none
coat,French
coat,none
coat of arms,French
coati,Tupi
coating,none
coattails,none
coauthor,none
coax,none
coaxial,none
cob,German
cobalt,German
cobble,none
cobble,none
cobbler,Greek
cobbler,American English
cobblestone,none
COBOL,none
cobra,Portuguese
cobweb,Old English
coca,Spanish
Coca-Cola,none
cocaine,Modern Latin
cocci,Latin
coccidiosis,Modern Latin
cocco-,Latin
coccus,Greek
coccyx,Latin
Cochin-china,French
cochineal,French
Cochise,none
cochlea,Latin
cock,Old English
cock,German
cock,none
cock-a-doodle-doo,French
cockade,French
Cockaigne,French
cockamamie,American English
cockatoo,Dutch
cockatrice,French
cockchaffer,none
cockerel,French
cockeyed,none
cockle,French
cockle,Old English
cockney,Middle English
cockpit,none
cockroach,Spanish
cockscomb,none
cocksucker,American English
cocksure,none
cocktail,French
cocky,none
coco,Spanish
cocoa,none
coconut,none
cocoon,Middle French
cocoon,none
cocotte,French
cod,German
coda,Latin
coddle,Anglo-French
code,French
code,none
codec,none
codefendant,none
codeine,French
codependent,none
codex,Latin
codger,none
codicil,Middle French
codification,none
codify,none
codominant,none
codon,none
codpiece,Old English
codswallop,none
coe,Dutch
coeducational,none
coefficient,Modern Latin
coelacanth,Modern Latin
coeliac,Latin
coelomate,Modern Latin
coeno-,Latin
coequal,none
coerce,Middle French
coercion,French
coercive,Latin
coetaneous,Late Latin
coeval,English
coevolution,none
coexist,none
coexistence,none
coextensive,none
coffee,Italian
coffer,French
coffin,French
cog,Scand
cogency,none
cogenial,none
cogent,French
cogitate,Latin
cogitation,French
cogitative,French
cognac,Medieval Latin
cognate,Latin
cognisance,none
cognisant,none
cognition,Latin
cognitive,Latin
cognitive dissonance,none
cognizable,none
cognizance,Anglo-French
cognizant,none
cognize,none
cognomen,Latin
cognoscence,Latin
cognoscente,Italian
cognoscenti,none
cohabit,none
cohabitate,Late Latin
cohabitation,Middle French
Cohen,Hebrew
cohere,Latin
coherence,Middle French
coherent,Middle French
cohesion,French
cohesive,Latin
cohort,Middle French
coif,French
coif,Middle French
coiffeur,French
coiffure,French
coign,Scot.
coil,Middle French
coil,none
coin,French
coin,Middle English
coinage,French
coincide,English
coincidence,French
coincident,French
coincidental,none
coincidentally,none
coincidently,none
Cointreau,none
coir,Malay
coit,Latin
coition,Late Latin
coitus,Latin
coitus interruptus,none
cojones,Spanish
coke,American English
coke,English
Coke,none
col-,Latin
cola,Latin
colander,Medieval Latin
cold,Old English
cold,none
cold feet,American English
cold shoulder,Scot.
cold turkey,none
cold war,none
cold-blooded,none
cold-hearted,Old English
cole,Old English
colectomy,none
coleoptera,Modern Latin
coleslaw,American English
colic,Late Latin
coliform,Latin
Colin,French
coliseum,Modern Latin
colitis,none
collaborate,none
collaboration,French
collaborator,French
collage,French
collagen,French
collapsable,none
collapse,Latin
collapse,none
collapsible,none
collar,French
collar,none
collarbone,none
collard,American English
collate,Latin
collateral,French
collateral,American English
collateral damage,none
collation,French
colleague,Middle French
collect,French
collectible,none
collectibles,American English
collection,French
collective,Middle French
collectivism,none
collector,Anglo-French
Colleen,Irish
college,French
collegial,Middle French
collegian,none
collegiate,Latin
collet,French
collide,Latin
collie,Middle English
collier,Middle English
colliery,none
colligate,Latin
collin,Greek
collinear,none
Collins,American English
collision,Middle French
collocate,Latin
collocation,Latin
collogue,French
colloid,French
colloidal,none
colloquia,Latin
colloquial,none
colloquialism,none
colloquium,Latin
colloquy,Latin
collude,Latin
collusion,French
collusive,Latin
collywobbles,none
cologne,French
Colombia,Italian
colon,Latin
colon,Latin
colonel,Middle French
colonial,Latin
colonialism,none
colonialist,none
colonialization,none
colonic,none
colonisation,English
colonist,none
colonization,none
colonize,Latin
colonnade,French
colonoscopy,none
colony,Latin
colophon,Latin
color,French
color,none
color blindness,English
Colorado,Spanish
coloration,French
coloratura,Italian
colorectal,none
colored,none
colorful,none
coloring,none
colorless,none
colors,none
colossal,French
Colosseum,Medieval Latin
colossus,Latin
colostomy,Modern Latin
colostrum,Latin
colour,English
colposcopy,Latin
colt,Old English
Colt,none
coltish,none
columbarium,Latin
Columbia,Latin
columbine,French
Columbus,Latin
column,French
columnar,Late Latin
columnist,none
com-,Latin
coma,Latin
coma,Latin
Comanche,Spanish
comatose,Latin
comb,Old English
comb,Old English
combat,Middle French
combat,Middle French
combatant,French
combative,none
comber,none
combination,French
combine,none
combine,Middle French
combo,none
combust,French
combustible,Middle French
combustion,French
come,Old English
comeback,American English
comedian,Middle French
comedic,Latin
comedienne,French
comedo,Latin
comedy,French
comely,Old English
comer,none
comestible,French
comet,French
cometh,Old English
comeuppance,none
comfit,French
comfort,French
comfort,French
comfortable,Anglo-French
comfortably,none
comforter,Anglo-French
comfy,none
comic,Latin
comic,Latin
comical,Latin
coming,none
comingle,Latin
Comintern,none
comitatus,Latin
comity,French
comix,none
comma,Latin
command,French
command,French
commandant,French
commandeer,Dutch
commander,French
commanding,none
commandment,French
commandments,Old English
commando,Afrikaans
comme il faut,French
commedia dellarte,Italian
commemorate,Latin
commemoration,French
commemorative,none
commen,none
commence,French
commencement,French
commend,Latin
commendable,Middle French
commendation,French
commensal,French
commensalism,none
commensurable,Late Latin
commensurate,Late Latin
comment,French
comment,Middle French
commentary,Middle French
commentate,none
commentator,Latin
commerce,Middle French
commercial,none
commercial,none
commercialism,none
commercialization,none
commercialize,none
commingle,none
comminute,Latin
commiserate,Latin
commiseration,Middle French
commissar,Russian
commissariat,Scot.
commissary,Medieval Latin
commission,Latin
commission,none
commissioner,Anglo-French
commit,Latin
commitment,Anglo-French
committal,none
committed,none
committee,Anglo-French
commode,French
commodification,none
commodify,none
commodious,Medieval Latin
commoditization,none
commodity,Middle French
commodore,Dutch
common,French
common,English
common good,Latin
common law,none
common sense,Latin
commonality,Latin
commoner,none
commonly,none
commonplace,Latin
commonsensical,none
commonwealth,none
commotion,Middle French
communal,French
communalism,none
commune,French
commune,French
communicable,French
communicate,Latin
communication,French
communicative,French
communicator,Latin
communion,French
communique,French
communism,French
communist,French
communitarian,none
community,French
commutation,French
commutative,Medieval Latin
commutator,Latin
commute,Latin
commuter,American English
Como,none
comorbidity,none
comp,none
compact,Middle French
compact,Latin
compact,Latin
compact,none
compaction,French
compadre,American English
companion,French
companionable,none
companionship,none
company,French
comparable,Middle French
comparation,Latin
comparative,Middle French
comparator,Latin
compare,French
comparison,French
compartment,Middle French
compartmental,none
compartmentalization,none
compartmentalize,none
compass,French
compass,Anglo-French
compassion,French
compassionate,none
compatible,Middle French
compatriot,French
comped,none
compeer,Middle French
compel,French
compelling,none
compendious,French
compendium,Latin
compensable,French
compensate,Latin
compensation,Latin
compensatory,French
compere,French
compete,Middle French
competence,French
competency,Latin
competent,French
competition,Latin
competitive,Latin
competitor,Middle French
compilation,Middle French
compile,French
compiler,Anglo-French
complacence,Medieval Latin
complacency,none
complacent,Latin
complain,French
complainant,French
complaint,French
complaisance,French
complaisant,French
compleat,none
complected,American English
complement,French
complement,none
complementarity,none
complementary,none
complete,French
complete,none
completely,none
completion,Latin
complex,French
complex,none
complexion,French
complexity,none
compliance,none
compliant,none
complicate,Latin
complicated,none
complication,Middle French
complicity,French
compliment,French
compliment,French
complimentary,none
compline,French
comply,French
component,Latin
componentry,none
comport,French
comportment,Middle French
compos mentis,Latin
compose,French
composed,none
composer,none
composite,French
composition,French
compositional,none
compositor,Latin
compost,French
compost,none
composure,none
compote,French
compound,French
compound,none
compound,Dutch
compound,none
comprehend,Latin
comprehendible,none
comprehensible,Latin
comprehension,Middle French
comprehensive,French
compress,French
compress,none
compression,Middle French
compressor,Latin
comprise,French
compromise,Middle French
compromise,none
Compsognathus,Modern Latin
comptroller,French
compulsion,Middle French
compulsive,French
compulsory,Medieval Latin
compunction,French
compunctious,none
computation,Middle French
computational,none
compute,French
computer,none
comrade,Middle French
comradery,none
Comstockery,none
Comus,Greek
con,Latin
con,Old English
con,American English
con,none
con,French
con,none
con-,Latin
conation,Latin
conative,Latin
concatenate,Late Latin
concatenation,Late Latin
concave,French
concavity,French
conceal,French
concealment,Anglo-French
concede,Middle French
conceit,none
conceited,none
conceivable,none
conceive,French
concent,Latin
concentrate,Italian
concentrate,none
concentration,none
concentration camp,Spanish
concentric,Middle French
concept,Medieval Latin
conception,French
conceptive,Latin
conceptual,Medieval Latin
conceptualisation,English
conceptualise,English
conceptualization,French
conceptualize,none
conceptually,none
concern,Middle French
concern,none
concert,French
concertina,none
concerto,Italian
concession,French
concessionaire,French
conch,Latin
concierge,French
conciliate,Latin
conciliation,Middle French
conciliatory,none
concise,Latin
conciseness,English
concision,Latin
conclave,Italian
conclude,Latin
conclusion,French
conclusive,French
conclusively,none
conclusory,none
concoct,Latin
concoction,Latin
concomitance,Middle French
concomitant,French
concord,French
concordance,French
concordant,French
concordat,French
Concorde,French
concours,French
concourse,Middle French
concrete,Latin
concrete poetry,German
concretion,French
concretize,none
concubinage,Middle French
concubine,Latin
concupiscence,Latin
concupiscent,Latin
concur,Latin
concurrence,French
concurrent,French
concurring,none
concuss,Latin
concussion,Latin
condemn,French
condemnation,Latin
condemnatory,Latin
condemned,none
condensate,Latin
condensation,Latin
condense,Middle French
condensed,none
condenser,none
condescend,French
condescendence,French
condescending,none
condescension,Late Latin
condescent,none
condign,French
condiment,French
condition,French
condition,none
conditional,French
conditioner,none
condo,none
condole,Late Latin
condolence,Late Latin
condolences,none
condom,Italian
condominium,Modern Latin
condonation,Latin
condone,Latin
condor,American Spanish
conduce,Latin
conducive,none
conduct,Latin
conduction,French
conductive,none
conductor,Middle French
conduit,French
condyle,French
cone,Middle French
Conestoga,Iroquoian
coney,Anglo-French
Coney Island,Dutch
confab,none
confabulate,Latin
confabulation,Late Latin
confarreation,Latin
confection,French
confectionary,none
confectioner,none
confectionery,none
confederacy,Anglo-French
confederate,Late Latin
confederation,Middle French
confer,Middle French
conference,Middle French
conferral,none
confess,French
confessed,none
confession,French
confessional,French
confessional,Medieval Latin
confessor,Old English
confetti,Italian
confidant,French
confidante,French
confide,Latin
confidence,Middle French
confident,Middle French
confidente,none
confidential,Latin
configuration,Latin
configure,Latin
confine,French
confine,Middle French
confinement,French
confirm,French
confirmation,French
confirmed,none
confiscate,Latin
confiscation,Middle French
confit,none
conflagrate,Latin
conflagration,Middle French
conflate,Latin
conflation,Late Latin
conflict,Latin
conflict,French
conflictual,none
confluence,Late Latin
confluent,Middle French
conform,French
conformable,none
conformation,Latin
conformism,none
conformist,none
conformity,Middle French
confound,Anglo-French
confounded,English
confraternity,French
confrere,French
confront,Middle French
confrontation,Medieval Latin
confrontational,none
Confucius,Latin
confuse,none
confused,Latin
confusion,French
confusticate,American English
confutation,Latin
confute,Middle French
conga,American Spanish
congeal,French
congee,French
congener,French
congenial,Latin
congenital,Latin
conger,Latin
congeries,Latin
congest,Latin
congested,none
congestion,Middle French
congestive,none
conglomerate,Latin
conglomerate,none
conglomerate,Latin
conglomeration,Latin
Congo,English
congrats,English
congratulate,Latin
congratulation,Latin
congratulations,none
congratulatory,none
congregate,Latin
congregation,French
congregational,none
congress,Latin
congressional,Latin
congressman,none
Congreve,none
congruence,Latin
congruent,Latin
congruity,French
congruous,Latin
conic,Latin
conical,none
conifer,Latin
coniferous,none
conject,none
conjectural,Latin
conjecture,French
conjecture,Middle English
conjoin,French
conjoint,Middle French
conjugal,Middle French
conjugate,Latin
conjugation,Latin
conjunct,Latin
conjunction,French
conjunctiva,Latin
conjunctive,Latin
conjunctivitis,none
conjuncture,French
conjuration,French
conjure,French
conjurer,Anglo-French
conk,none
conker,none
conkers,none
conlang,none
connate,Late Latin
connect,Latin
Connecticut,Algonquian
connection,French
connective,Latin
connectivity,none
connector,Latin
connexion,none
conniption,American English
connivance,none
connive,Latin
connivence,Latin
connivent,Latin
conniving,none
connoisseur,French
Connor,Old English
connotate,Medieval Latin
connotation,Medieval Latin
connote,Medieval Latin
connubial,Latin
conquer,French
conquerer,none
conqueror,Anglo-French
conquest,French
conquistador,Spanish
Conrad,Old High German
consanguine,French
consanguineous,Latin
consanguinity,Middle French
conscience,French
conscient,Latin
conscientious,Middle French
conscientious objector,none
conscionable,none
conscious,Latin
consciousness,none
conscript,French
conscript,American English
conscript,Latin
conscription,Middle French
consecrate,Latin
consecration,Latin
consecutive,French
consensual,Latin
consensus,Latin
consent,French
consent,French
consequence,French
consequences,none
consequent,Middle French
consequential,Latin
consequentialism,none
conservancy,Latin
conservation,Latin
conservation of energy,French
conservationist,none
conservatism,none
conservative,Middle French
conservator,Anglo-French
conservatorship,none
conservatory,Italian
conserve,French
consider,French
considerable,Medieval Latin
considerate,Latin
consideration,French
consign,Middle French
consignment,none
consilience,Latin
consist,Middle French
consistence,Middle French
consistency,Medieval Latin
consistent,Latin
consistory,Old North French
consol,none
consolate,Latin
consolation,French
consolations,none
consolatory,Latin
console,French
console,French
consolidate,Latin
consolidated,none
consolidation,Late Latin
consomme,French
consonance,French
consonant,Latin
consonant,French
consort,Middle French
consort,none
consortia,none
consortium,Latin
conspecific,none
conspectus,Latin
conspicuous,Latin
conspiracy,Anglo-French
conspirator,French
conspire,French
constable,French
constabulary,Medieval Latin
constance,French
constancy,none
constant,French
constant,none
Constantinople,Greek
constellation,French
consternate,Latin
consternation,French
constipate,Latin
constipation,Late Latin
constituency,none
constituent,Latin
constitute,Latin
constitution,French
constitutional,French
constitutional,none
constitutionalism,none
constitutionality,none
constitutive,Medieval Latin
constrain,French
constraint,French
constrict,Latin
constriction,Latin
constrictive,Late Latin
constrictor,Latin
construct,Latin
construct,none
construction,French
constructionist,none
constructive,Middle French
constructivism,Russian
construe,Late Latin
consubstantial,Church Latin
consubstantiation,Church Latin
consuetude,Middle French
consul,French
consular,Latin
consulate,Latin
consult,Middle French
consultant,none
consultation,Middle French
consultative,Medieval Latin
consumable,none
consumables,none
consume,French
consumer,none
consumerism,none
consummate,Latin
consummate,Latin
consummated,none
consummation,Latin
consumption,Old English
consumptive,Latin
contact,American English
contact,Latin
contagion,French
contagious,French
contain,French
container,none
containment,none
contaminate,French
contamination,Latin
contango,Spanish
contemn,French
contemplate,Latin
contemplation,French
contemplative,French
contemporaneous,Late Latin
contemporary,Medieval Latin
contemporary,none
contempt,Latin
contemptible,Latin
contemptuous,Latin
contend,French
contender,none
content,French
content,Middle French
content,Latin
contention,French
contentious,Middle French
contentment,French
contents,Latin
conterminous,Latin
contessa,Italian
contest,French
contest,none
contestant,French
contestant,none
contestation,Latin
contested,American English
contex,Latin
context,Latin
contextual,none
contextualise,English
contiguity,French
contiguous,Latin
continence,French
continent,French
continent,Latin
continental,none
continental drift,German
continentality,German
contingence,Medieval Latin
contingencies,none
contingency,none
contingent,French
continual,French
continuance,French
continuation,French
continue,French
continuity,Middle French
continuous,French
continuum,Latin
contort,Latin
contortion,Middle French
contortionist,none
contour,French
contra,Latin
Contra,Spanish
contra dance,French
contra-,Latin
contraband,Middle French
contraception,Latin
contraceptive,none
contract,Middle French
contract,French
contracted,none
contractile,French
contraction,French
contractor,Late Latin
contractual,Latin
contracture,French
contradict,Latin
contradiction,French
contradictory,Late Latin
contradistinction,none
contrail,none
contraindicate,none
contralateral,none
contralto,Italian
contraposition,Late Latin
contrapositive,Latin
contrapposto,Italian
contraption,none
contrapuntal,Italian
contrarian,none
contrariety,French
contrariness,none
contrary,Anglo-French
Contras,none
contrast,French
contrast,none
contrasting,none
contravene,Middle French
contravening,none
contravention,Middle French
contretemps,French
contribute,Latin
contribution,French
contributor,Anglo-French
contrite,French
contrition,French
contrivance,none
contrive,French
control,Anglo-French
control,none
controllable,none
controlled,none
controller,Anglo-French
controlling,none
controversal,Latin
controversary,Latin
controverse,French
controversial,Late Latin
controversy,French
controvert,none
contumacious,Latin
contumacy,Latin
contumelious,French
contumely,French
contusion,Middle French
contusive,Latin
conundrum,Latin
conurbation,Latin
conus,Latin
convalesce,Latin
convalescence,Middle French
convalescent,French
convection,Latin
convenance,French
convene,Middle French
convenience,Latin
conveniences,none
convenient,Latin
conveniently,none
convenor,none
convent,Anglo-French
conventicle,Latin
convention,Middle French
conventional,Late Latin
converge,Late Latin
convergence,none
conversant,French
conversate,English
conversation,French
conversational,none
converse,French
converse,Latin
conversion,French
convert,French
convert,none
converter,none
convertible,French
convex,Middle French
convey,Anglo-French
conveyance,none
conveyer,Latin
convict,Latin
convict,none
conviction,Late Latin
convictions,none
convince,Latin
convival,Latin
convive,French
convivial,Late Latin
convocate,Latin
convocation,French
convoke,Middle French
convolute,Latin
convoluted,Latin
convolution,Latin
convoy,French
convulse,Latin
convulsion,Latin
convulsive,French
cony,none
coo,none
cooch,none
coochie,none
cook,Old English
cook,none
cookbook,none
cooker,none
cookery,none
cookie,American English
cookout,American English
cooky,none
cool,Old English
cool,none
cool,Old English
coolant,none
cooler,none
coolie,Portuguese
coolness,Old English
coolth,none
coomb,Old English
coon,American English
coop,Old English
coop,none
cooper,Old English
cooperate,Late Latin
cooperation,Middle French
cooperative,Late Latin
coopt,none
cooptation,Latin
coordinate,Medieval Latin
coordinate,none
coordinate,Latin
coordination,French
coordinator,Latin
coot,Dutch
cooter,none
cootie,Malay
cooties,none
cop,Middle French
cop,none
cop out,American English
copacetic,Latin
copasetic,none
cope,French
Copenhagen,Danish
Copernican,none
Copernicus,Latin
copesetic,none
copier,none
copilot,none
coping,none
copious,Latin
coplanar,none
copout,none
copper,Old English
copper,none
copperhead,American English
coppice,French
copra,Portuguese
copro-,Modern Latin
coprolalia,French
coprolite,French
coprophagia,Latin
coprophagy,Modern Latin
coprophilia,none
copse,none
Copt,Egypt
copula,Latin
copulate,Latin
copulation,Middle French
copy,French
copy,French
copycat,American English
copyright,none
copywriter,none
coquet,French
coquetry,French
coquette,French
Cora,Latin
coracle,Gaelic
coral,French
corbel,French
cord,French
cordage,French
cordial,Middle French
cordially,none
cordillera,Spanish
cordite,none
cordon,Middle French
cordon,none
cordovan,Spanish
corduroy,French
cordwainer,Anglo-French
core,French
core,none
corgi,none
coriander,French
Corinna,Latin
Corinth,Latin
Corinthian,Greek
Coriolis effect,French
corium,Latin
cork,Spanish
Cork,Irish
cork,none
corker,none
corkscrew,none
corky,none
corm,French
cormorant,French
corn,Old English
corn,French
corn row,none
cornea,Medieval Latin
cornel,German
cornelian,French
Cornelius,none
corner,Anglo-French
corner,American English
cornerstone,Slav.
cornet,Middle English
cornfield,none
cornhole,none
cornice,Middle French
Cornish,none
cornmeal,none
cornucopia,Late Latin
Cornwall,Old English
corny,American English
corolla,Latin
corollary,Late Latin
corollate,none
corona,Latin
coronal,Latin
coronary,Latin
coronation,Late Latin
coronel,none
coroner,Anglo-French
coronet,French
corporal,Middle French
corporal,French
corporate,Latin
corporation,Anglo-Latin
corporatism,none
corporative,Late Latin
corporeal,Latin
corps,French
corpse,French
corpulence,French
corpulent,French
corpus,Latin
corpus delicti,Latin
corpuscle,Latin
corral,Spanish
corral,none
correct,Latin
correct,French
correction,French
corrective,French
correlate,none
correlate,none
correlation,Middle French
correspond,Middle French
correspondence,Medieval Latin
correspondent,Medieval Latin
correspondent,none
corresponding,none
corridor,French
corrigendum,Latin
corrigible,Middle French
corroborate,Latin
corroboration,Late Latin
corrode,French
corrosion,Middle French
corrosive,French
corrugate,Latin
corrugated,none
corrugation,Latin
corrupt,French
corrupt,Latin
corruptible,French
corruption,Latin
corsage,French
corsair,Middle French
corse,French
corset,French
cort,none
cortege,French
cortes,Spanish
cortex,Latin
cortical,Modern Latin
corticosteroid,Latin
cortisol,none
cortisone,Latin
corundum,Tamil
coruscate,Latin
coruscation,Latin
corvee,French
corvette,French
Corydon,Latin
coryza,Latin
cosa nostra,Italian
cosecant,none
cosh,none
cosher,Irish
cosign,none
cosigner,none
cosine,Medieval Latin
cosmetic,Latin
cosmetic,French
cosmetologist,American English
cosmetology,French
cosmic,Greek
cosmo-,Latin
cosmogony,Latin
cosmography,none
cosmological,none
cosmology,Modern Latin
cosmonaut,English
cosmopolitan,none
cosmopolite,Greek
cosmos,Latin
Cossack,Russian
cosset,Old English
cost,French
cost,French
cost-effective,none
costa,Spanish
costal,French
costard,Anglo-French
costermonger,none
costive,Middle French
costly,none
costume,French
costume,none
cosy,none
cot,Sanskrit
cot,none
cotangent,none
cote,Old English
coterie,French
coterminous,English
cotillion,French
cotquean,none
cottage,French
cotter,none
cotton,French
cotton,none
cotton-picking,none
Cottonian,Old English
cotyledon,Latin
couch,French
couch,French
couch-grass,Old English
cougar,French
cough,Old English
could,Old English
couldnt,none
coulee,French
coulomb,French
coulrophobia,Greek
coulter,Old English
Coumadin,French
council,Anglo-French
councillor,none
councilor,none
counsel,French
counsel,French
counsellor,French
counselor,none
count,French
count,Anglo-French
countdown,American English
countenance,none
countenance,French
counter,French
counter,French
Counter Reformation,none
counter-,Anglo-French
counteract,none
counterargument,none
counterattack,none
counterbalance,none
counterclockwise,none
counterculture,none
counterfactual,none
counterfeit,French
counterinsurgency,none
counterintelligence,none
counterintuitive,none
countermand,French
countermeasure,none
counteroffer,none
counterpane,Middle French
counterpart,Middle French
counterpoint,French
counterpoise,French
counterproductive,American English
counterrevolution,none
countersign,Middle French
countertop,none
countervail,Anglo-French
countess,Anglo-French
countless,none
countrified,none
country,French
countryman,none
countryside,none
county,Anglo-French
coup,French
coup detat,French
coup de foudre,French
coup de grace,French
coupe,French
couple,French
couple,French
couplet,French
coupon,French
courage,French
courageous,Anglo-French
courant,French
courier,Anglo-French
course,French
course,none
courser,French
court,French
court,none
court martial,none
courteous,French
courtesan,Middle French
courtesy,French
courthouse,none
courtier,Anglo-French
courtly,none
courtroom,none
courtship,none
courturier,French
courtyard,none
couscous,French
cousin,French
couth,Old English
couture,French
covalent,none
covariance,none
cove,Old English
cove,none
coven,Scot.
covenant,French
covenant,Scot.
covent,none
Coventry,Old English
cover,French
cover,none
cover-up,none
coverage,American English
coverlet,French
covert,French
coverture,French
covet,French
covetous,French
covey,Middle French
cow,Old English
cow,Old Norse
cowabunga,American English
coward,French
cowardice,French
cowardly,Old English
cowbell,American English
cowboy,American English
cower,Middle Low German
cowl,Old English
cowlick,none
coworker,none
Cowpers gland,none
cowrie,Urdu
cowslip,Old English
Cox,Old English
coxcomb,none
coxswain,French
coy,French
coyote,American English
coz,none
coze,French
cozen,French
cozy,Scot.
cpr,none
cpu,none
crab,Old English
crab,Scand
crabbed,none
crabby,American English
crabgrass,none
crack,Old English
crack,none
crackdown,none
cracked,Greek
cracker,none
cracker,Latin
cracker-jack,none
crackhead,none
cracking,none
crackle,none
crackpot,none
cradle,Old English
cradle,none
craft,Old English
craft,Old English
craftsman,Old English
crafty,Old English
crag,Old Irish
craggy,none
cram,Old English
cramp,French
cramp,Middle Dutch
cramp,none
cramp,French
crampon,French
cranberry,American English
crane,Old English
crane,none
cranial,Modern Latin
cranio-,Latin
craniotomy,none
cranium,Medieval Latin
crank,Old English
crank,none
crankshaft,none
cranky,Scot.
cranny,Middle French
crap,Middle English
crap,none
crape,English
crappie,American English
crappy,none
craps,American English
crapulent,Latin
crapulous,Latin
crash,none
crash,none
crass,Middle French
crate,Latin
crate,none
crater,Latin
cravat,French
crave,Old English
craven,French
cravings,none
craw,Old English
crawfish,American English
crawl,Scand
crawl,English
crayfish,French
crayon,French
craze,German
craze,Middle English
craziness,none
crazy,Siouan
creak,none
creaky,none
cream,French
cream,none
creamer,none
creamery,French
creampuff,none
creamy,none
crease,none
create,Latin
creatine,French
creatinine,none
creation,French
creationism,none
creative,none
creativity,none
creator,Anglo-French
creature,French
creche,French
cred,none
credence,Medieval Latin
credential,English
credentials,Medieval Latin
credenza,Italian
credibility,Medieval Latin
credible,Latin
credit,Middle French
credit,none
credit card,none
creditable,none
creditor,Anglo-French
credo,Latin
credulity,French
credulous,Latin
Cree,French
creed,Old English
creek,Old Norse
Creek,English
creel,Scot.
creep,Old English
creep,American English
creeper,Old English
creepy,none
cremate,none
cremation,Latin
crematoria,Modern Latin
crematorium,Latin
crematory,none
creme,French
creme de la creme,French
crenel,French
crenelate,French
crenelated,none
creole,French
creosote,German
crepe,French
crepitation,Latin
crepitus,Latin
crept,none
crepuscular,Latin
crepuscule,French
crescendo,Italian
crescent,Anglo-French
cress,Old English
crest,French
crest,French
crestfallen,none
cretaceous,Latin
Cretan,Old English
Crete,none
cretin,French
cretonne,French
crevasse,French
crevice,French
crew,Middle French
crewel,none
crib,Old English
crib,none
cribbage,none
crick,none
cricket,French
cricket,French
cried,none
crier,none
crikey,none
crime,French
criminal,Middle French
criminal,none
criminality,French
criminology,Latin
criminy,Italian
crimp,Old English
crimp,none
crimson,none
crimson,Spanish
crine,Scot.
cringe,Old English
crinkle,Old English
crinoid,Latin
crinoline,French
Crip,none
cripple,Old English
cripple,none
crisis,Latin
crisp,Old English
crisp,none
crispin,French
crispy,none
crisscross,Middle English
Cristina,Latin
crit,none
criteria,none
criterion,Latin
critic,Middle French
critical,Latin
criticise,English
criticism,none
criticize,none
critique,French
critter,none
Cro Magnon,none
croak,Old English
croak,none
croaker,Middle English
Croat,Serbo-Croatian
Croatia,Modern Latin
crochet,French
crochet,none
crock,Old English
crockery,none
crocket,Anglo-French
crocodile,Middle English
crocus,Latin
Croesus,Latin
croft,Old English
Crohns disease,none
croissant,none
cromlech,none
crone,Anglo-French
Cronus,Greek
crony,Greek
cronyism,American English
crook,Old Norse
croon,Scot.
crooner,none
crop,Old English
crop,none
croquet,French
croquette,French
cross,Old English
cross,English
cross,French
cross,none
cross-,none
cross-beam,none
cross-check,none
cross-country,none
cross-dressing,German
cross-examination,none
cross-eye,none
cross-fire,none
cross-hair,none
cross-over,none
cross-patch,none
cross-pollination,none
cross-reference,none
cross-section,none
cross-stitch,none
cross-street,none
cross-walk,none
cross-wind,none
crossbar,none
crossbow,none
crossing,none
crossly,none
crossroad,none
crossroads,none
crossword,none
crossword,none
crotch,Old North French
crotchet,French
crotchety,none
crouch,French
croup,Scot.
croupier,French
crouton,French
crow,Old English
Crow,none
crow,Old English
crowbar,French
crowd,Old English
crowd,none
crown,French
crown,Anglo-French
crozier,French
cru,French
crucial,French
cruciate,Modern Latin
crucible,Medieval Latin
cruciferous,Late Latin
crucifix,French
crucifixion,Late Latin
cruciform,Modern Latin
crucify,French
cruciverbalist,English
crud,Middle English
crude,Latin
crudites,French
crudity,Middle French
cruel,French
cruelty,French
cruet,Anglo-French
cruise,Dutch
cruiser,Dutch
cruller,American English
crumb,Old English
crumble,Old English
crumby,none
crummy,none
crumpet,Hebrew
crumple,Old English
crunch,none
crunchy,none
crunk,none
crusade,Middle French
crusade,none
crusader,French
cruse,Old Norse
crush,French
crush,none
crust,none
crust,French
Crustacea,Modern Latin
crustacean,none
crustation,none
crusty,none
crutch,Old English
crux,Latin
cry,French
cry,none
crybaby,American English
cryo-,Latin
cryogenic,none
crypt,Latin
cryptic,Late Latin
crypto-,English
cryptogram,English
cryptography,French
cryptology,none
cryselephantine,Greek
crystal,Old English
crystalline,French
crystallisation,English
crystallization,none
crystallize,none
crystallized,none
cub,Old Irish
Cuba,Arawakan
cubby,none
cubbyhole,Low German
cube,Middle French
cube,Greek
cubic,Middle French
cubicle,Latin
cubism,French
cubit,Latin
cuboid,none
cucking stool,Old Norse
cuckold,French
cuckold,none
cuckoo,French
cucumber,French
cud,Old English
cuddle,Middle English
cuddly,none
cudgel,Old English
cudgel,none
cue,none
cue,Latin
cue,none
cuff,none
cuff,Medieval Latin
cuff,Swedish
cui bono,Latin
cuirass,Middle French
cuisine,French
cul-de-sac,French
culdee,Old Irish
culinary,Latin
cull,French
cull,French
cull,none
cullen,English
culminate,Late Latin
culmination,French
culottes,French
culpability,Late Latin
culpable,French
culprit,Anglo-French
cult,French
cultivar,none
cultivate,Medieval Latin
cultivation,French
cultivator,Latin
cultural,Latin
Cultural Revolution,none
culturalization,none
culturally,none
culture,Middle French
cultured,none
culvert,none
cum,Latin
cum laude,Medieval Latin
Cumaean,Latin
cumber,French
Cumberland,Old English
cumbersome,none
cumbrous,none
cumin,Old English
cummerbund,Persian
cummin,none
cumulate,Latin
cumulation,none
cumulative,Latin
cumulonimbus,none
cumulus,Latin
cun,Old English
cuneiform,French
cunnilingus,Latin
cunning,none
cunt,Middle English
cup,Old English
cup,none
cupboard,none
cupcake,American English
cupful,none
Cupid,Latin
cupidity,Anglo-French
cupola,Italian
cuppa,none
cupreous,Late Latin
cur,Old Norse
curable,French
Curacao,none
curare,Portuguese
curate,Medieval Latin
curation,French
curative,French
curator,Latin
curb,French
curb,none
curbstone,none
curcumin,Medieval Latin
curd,Old English
curdle,none
cure,Latin
cure,French
cure,French
cure-all,none
Curetes,Latin
curettage,none
curette,French
curfew,Anglo-French
curfuffle,Scot.
curia,Latin
curie,none
curio,none
curiosity,French
curious,French
curium,none
curl,Old English
curler,none
curlew,French
curlicue,American English
curling,none
curly,none
curmudgeon,French
currant,Anglo-French
currency,Latin
current,French
current,Middle French
currently,none
curricular,Latin
curriculum,Modern Latin
curriculum vitae,Latin
currier,French
curry,Anglo-French
curry,Tamil
curry favor,French
curse,Old English
curse,Old English
cursive,French
cursor,Latin
cursory,Middle French
curt,Latin
curtail,Middle French
curtain,French
curtilage,Anglo-French
curtsey,none
curtsy,none
curtsy,none
curvaceous,Modern Latin
curvature,Latin
curve,Latin
curve,none
curvilinear,Latin
curvy,none
cushion,French
cushion,none
cushy,none
cusp,Latin
cuspid,Latin
cuspidor,Portuguese
cuss,American English
cuss,none
custard,Middle French
custodial,Latin
custodian,Latin
custody,Latin
custom,French
custom,none
customary,Medieval Latin
customer,Anglo-French
customise,English
customize,American English
cut,Scand
cut,none
cutaneous,Medieval Latin
cute,American English
cutesy,none
cutey,none
cuticle,Latin
cutie,none
cutlass,Middle French
cutler,French
cutlery,French
cutlet,French
cutoff,none
cutout,none
cutpurse,none
cutter,none
cutthroat,none
cutting edge,none
cuttlefish,Old English
cuz,none
Cuzco,Quechua
cv,none
cwm,none
cyan,Greek
cyanide,Greek
cyanosis,Latin
cyanotic,none
cyber,none
cybercafe,none
cybernetic,Greek
cybernetics,Greek
cyberspace,none
cyborg,none
cycad,Modern Latin
cyclamen,Medieval Latin
cycle,Late Latin
cycle,none
cyclic,French
cyclical,none
cyclist,none
cyclo-,Latin
cyclone,Greek
cyclonic,none
cyclopean,Latin
cyclops,Latin
cyclorama,none
cyclotron,none
cygnet,Anglo-French
cylinder,Middle French
cylindrical,Greek
cymbal,Old English
Cymric,none
cynic,Greek
cynical,none
cynicism,none
cynosure,Middle French
Cynthia,Latin
cypress,French
Cyprian,Latin
Cyprus,Greek
Cyrene,Greek
Cyrillic,Slav.
Cyrus,Latin
cyst,Modern Latin
cystic,French
cystitis,none
cystocele,French
cystoscopy,Greek
cyto-,Latin
cytology,none
cytoplasm,none
cytosine,German
cytotoxic,none
czar,Russian
Czech,Czech
Czechoslovakia,Czech
-derm,Greek
-dom,Old English
D,Greek
D-day,none
D.A.,American English
d.c.,none
D.C.,none
D.D.,Latin
D.D.T.,none
D.T.,none
dab,French
dabble,none
dace,French
dacha,Russian
Dachau,German
dachshund,German
Dacron,none
dactyl,Greek
dactylic,Latin
dad,Irish
dada,French
daddy,none
dado,Italian
DAE,American English
daedal,Latin
Daedalus,Greek
daemon,none
daffodil,Middle English
daffy,none
daft,Old English
dag,Scand
dagga,Afrikaans
dagger,French
dago,Spanish
Dagon,Hebrew
daguerreotype,French
dahlia,Spanish
daily,Old English
daimon,Greek
daimyo,Japanese
daintily,none
dainty,French
dainty,Middle English
daiquiri,Scot.
dairy,Anglo-French
dais,Anglo-French
daisy,Old English
Dakota,Siouan
dal,Sanskrit
Dalai Lama,none
dale,Old English
daliance,Anglo-French
Dallas,none
dally,Anglo-French
Dalmatia,none
Dalmatian,Croatian
Dalton,none
dam,Old Norse
dam,none
dam,none
damage,French
damage,French
Damascus,Latin
damask,none
dame,French
dammit,none
damn,French
damnable,French
damnation,French
damnedest,none
Damocles,Greek
damp,Old English
damp,none
damp,none
dampen,none
dampener,none
damper,none
damsel,French
dan,French
Dan,none
Dan,Hebrew
Dana,none
Danaid,Greek
dance,French
dance,none
dancer,French
dandelion,Middle French
dander,American English
dandle,Italian
dandruff,Northumbrian
dandy,Scot.
Dane,Danish
dang,none
danger,Anglo-French
dangerous,Anglo-French
dangle,Scand
Daniel,Hebrew
Danielle,none
Danish,Old English
dank,Scand
Danny,none
Dante,Latin
Danube,German
Daoism,none
dap,none
Daphne,Greek
dapper,Middle Dutch
dapple,Scand
dar,Arabic
Darby and Joan,none
dare,Old English
dare,none
daredevil,none
Darfur,Arabic
daring,none
Darius,Persian
Darjeeling,Tibetan
dark,Old English
dark,none
dark ages,none
dark horse,none
darken,Middle English
darkling,none
darkly,Old English
darkness,Old English
darky,none
darling,Old English
darn,Middle French
darn,American English
darnel,French
dart,French
dart,none
Darwin,Old English
Darwinism,none
dash,Scand
dash,none
dashboard,none
dashiki,none
dashing,none
dastard,English
dastardly,Middle English
dat,Irish
data,Latin
data base,none
date,French
date,none
date,French
date,none
date,none
date rape,none
dated,none
dateline,none
dative,Latin
datum,Latin
daub,French
daughter,Old English
daunt,French
dauntless,none
dauphin,Middle French
davenport,Old English
David,Hebrew
Davis Cup,none
davit,none
Davy Jones,none
daw,German
dawdle,none
dawg,none
dawn,Old English
dawn,none
day,Old English
day care,none
Day-Glo,none
daybreak,none
daydream,none
daylight,none
daylong,Old English
daytime,none
daze,Old Norse
daze,none
dazzle,Middle English
de,Latin
de facto,Latin
de jure,Latin
de minimis,Latin
de novo,Latin
de profundis,Latin
de rigueur,French
de-,English
de-emphasize,none
de-escalate,none
deacon,Old English
deactivate,none
dead,Old English
dead end,none
dead mans hand,none
dead reckoning,none
Dead Sea,Hebrew
deadbeat,American English
deaden,none
Deadhead,none
deadline,American English
deadlock,none
deadly,Old English
deadpan,none
deadweight,none
deadwood,American English
deaf,Old English
deafen,Old English
deafening,none
deafness,none
deal,Old English
deal,Low German
deal,Old English
dealer,Old English
dealership,none
dealt,none
deamination,none
dean,French
dear,Old English
dearborn,American English
dearly,Old English
dearth,Old English
deary,none
deasil,Gaelic
death,Old English
death camp,German
deathbed,Old English
deathless,none
deathly,Old English
deb,none
debacle,French
debar,French
debark,French
debase,none
debatable,Anglo-Latin
debate,French
debate,French
debauch,Middle French
debauchee,French
debauchery,none
debenture,Latin
debilitate,Latin
debilitation,French
debility,Middle French
debit,Middle French
debonair,French
Deborah,Hebrew
deboshed,French
debridement,French
debrief,none
debris,French
debt,French
debtor,French
debug,none
debunk,none
debut,French
debutant,French
debutante,French
deca-,Latin
decade,Middle French
decadence,Middle French
decadent,French
decaffeinate,none
decagon,Modern Latin
decal,French
Decalogue,Middle French
Decameron,Italian
decamp,French
decant,French
decanter,none
decapitate,French
decapitation,French
decapod,French
decathlon,Greek
decay,Anglo-French
decay,none
decease,French
decease,none
deceased,none
decedent,Latin
deceit,French
deceitful,none
deceive,French
decelerate,none
deceleration,none
December,French
decency,Latin
decennial,Latin
decent,Middle French
decentralization,none
decentralize,none
deception,Middle French
deceptive,French
decession,Latin
deci-,French
decibel,none
decide,French
decided,none
deciduous,Latin
decile,French
decimal,Latin
decimate,Latin
decimation,Late Latin
decimeter,none
decipher,Middle French
decision,Middle French
decisive,Medieval Latin
deck,Middle Low German
deck,none
deck,Middle Dutch
deckhand,American English
deckle,German
declaim,Middle French
declamation,Latin
declamatory,Latin
declarant,French
declaration,French
declarative,French
declaratory,Medieval Latin
declare,French
declasse,French
declassify,none
declension,Latin
declination,French
decline,French
decline,French
declivity,French
decoct,Latin
decoction,French
decode,none
decolletage,French
decollete,French
decolonization,American English
decommission,none
decompensate,none
decompensation,none
decompose,none
decomposer,none
decomposition,none
decompress,none
decompression,none
decongestant,none
deconstruct,none
deconstruction,French
decontaminate,none
decor,French
decorate,Latin
decoration,Late Latin
decorative,Middle French
decorator,Latin
decorous,Latin
decorticate,Latin
decorum,Latin
decoupage,French
decouple,French
decoy,Dutch
decoy,none
decrease,Anglo-French
decrease,Anglo-French
decree,French
decree,none
decrement,Latin
decrepit,Middle French
decrepitude,French
decrescendo,Italian
decriminalization,none
decriminalize,none
decry,French
decrypt,none
decubitus,Modern Latin
decuple,French
decussate,Latin
dedicate,Latin
dedication,French
deduce,Latin
deduct,Latin
deductible,Latin
deduction,Middle French
deductive,Latin
deed,Old English
Deely-bobber,none
deem,Old English
deemed,none
deep,Old English
deep,Old English
deep six,none
deep-freeze,none
deep-seated,none
deepen,Old English
deeply,Old English
deer,Old English
deerskin,none
def,English
deface,French
defacement,none
defalcate,Medieval Latin
defalcation,Medieval Latin
defamation,French
defamatory,Middle French
defame,French
default,French
default,none
defeasance,Anglo-French
defeat,Anglo-French
defeat,none
defeatism,none
defeatist,French
defecate,Latin
defecation,Late Latin
defect,Middle French
defect,Latin
defection,Latin
defective,Middle French
defector,Latin
defence,none
defend,French
defendant,French
defender,Anglo-French
defenestration,Latin
defense,French
defenseless,none
defensible,French
defensive,French
defer,French
defer,Middle French
deference,French
deferent,French
deferential,none
deferment,American English
deferral,none
deferred,none
defiance,French
defiant,French
defibrillation,none
defibrillator,none
deficiency,Late Latin
deficient,Latin
deficit,French
defilade,none
defile,French
defile,French
defilement,none
define,French
definite,Latin
definitely,none
definition,French
definitive,French
deflagration,Latin
deflate,Latin
deflation,none
deflect,Latin
deflection,Latin
defloration,French
deflower,French
defogger,none
defoliant,none
defoliate,none
defoliation,Late Latin
deforest,none
deforestation,none
deform,French
deformation,French
deformity,French
defragment,none
defraud,French
defray,Middle French
defrock,French
defrost,none
deft,Old English
deftly,none
defunct,French
defuse,none
defy,French
degauss,German
degeneracy,none
degenerate,Latin
degenerate,Latin
degeneration,French
degenerative,none
deglutition,French
degradation,French
degrade,French
degree,French
degression,Latin
degustation,Latin
dehiscence,Modern Latin
dehumanize,none
dehumidifier,none
dehydrate,none
deicide,Latin
deictic,Latin
deific,French
deification,Late Latin
deify,French
deign,French
deinstitutionalization,none
deipnosophist,Greek
deism,French
deist,French
deity,French
deixis,Greek
deja vu,French
deject,French
dejected,none
dejection,French
deke,none
delamination,none
Delaware,English
delay,French
delay,French
dele,Latin
delectable,French
delectation,French
delegate,French
delegate,none
delegation,French
delete,Latin
deleterious,Medieval Latin
deletion,Latin
delf,Old English
Delft,Dutch
delftware,none
Delhi,none
deli,none
Delian,Latin
deliberate,Latin
deliberate,Latin
deliberation,French
deliberative,Middle French
delibrate,Latin
delicacies,none
delicacy,none
delicate,Latin
delicately,none
delicatessen,American English
delicious,French
deliciousness,none
delict,Latin
deligate,Latin
deligation,Latin
delight,French
delight,French
delightful,none
Delilah,Hebrew
delimit,French
delimitation,French
delimiter,none
delineate,Latin
delineation,Latin
delinquency,Latin
delinquent,Middle French
deliquesce,Latin
deliquescent,Latin
delirious,none
delirium,Latin
delirium tremens,Latin
deliver,French
deliverable,none
deliverance,French
delivery,Anglo-French
dell,Old English
dell,none
Della Crusca,Italian
Della Robbia,none
delouse,none
Delphi,Greek
Delphic,Latin
delt,none
delta,Greek
deltoid,Greek
delude,Latin
deluge,French
deluge,none
delusion,Latin
delusional,none
delusive,none
deluxe,French
delve,Old English
dem,none
demagnetize,none
demagogic,Greek
demagogue,Greek
demagogue,American English
demagoguery,Greek
demand,French
demand,French
demanding,none
demarcate,none
demarcation,Spanish
demarche,French
demark,none
dematerialize,none
demean,none
demeaning,none
demeanor,Middle English
demeanour,English
dement,Middle French
demented,none
dementia,Latin
demerit,French
Demerol,none
demesne,Anglo-French
Demeter,Greek
demi-,French
demi-monde,French
demigod,Latin
demijohn,French
demilitarize,none
demise,Middle French
demisemiquaver,none
demission,French
demit,Latin
demitasse,French
demiurge,Latin
demo,none
demob,none
demobilization,none
demobilize,none
democracy,Middle French
democrat,French
democratic,French
democratization,none
democratize,French
demographic,none
demographics,none
demography,Greek
demoiselle,French
demolish,Middle French
demolition,French
demon,Latin
demoness,none
demonetization,French
demonetize,French
demoniac,Late Latin
demonic,Latin
demonize,Medieval Latin
demonology,none
demonstrable,Latin
demonstrate,Latin
demonstration,French
demonstrative,French
demonstrator,Latin
demoralize,French
demote,American English
demotic,Greek
demotion,none
demotivate,none
Dempsey,Irish
demulcent,Latin
demur,French
demure,French
demurrage,French
demurrer,Anglo-French
demystify,none
den,Old English
denarius,Latin
denationalize,French
denaturation,French
denature,French
dendrite,Greek
dendritic,none
dendro-,Greek
dendrochronology,none
dendrology,none
dene,none
dene,Old English
Deneb,Arabic
Denebola,Latin
dengue,Spanish
denial,none
denier,French
denigrate,Latin
denigration,Late Latin
denim,French
Denise,none
denitrification,none
denizen,Anglo-French
Denmark,Danish
Dennis,French
denominate,Latin
denomination,French
denominational,none
denominative,Late Latin
denominator,Medieval Latin
denotate,Latin
denotation,Late Latin
denotative,Latin
denote,Middle French
denouement,French
denounce,French
dense,Middle French
density,French
dent,Middle English
dent,none
dental,Middle French
dentifrice,Middle French
dentin,Latin
dentist,French
dentistry,none
dentition,Latin
denture,French
denudation,Middle French
denude,Middle French
denunciate,Latin
denunciation,Latin
Denver,Old English
deny,French
Deo volente,Latin
deodand,Anglo-French
deodorant,English
deodorize,none
deontology,Greek
deoxidize,none
deoxy-,none
deoxyribonucleic acid,none
deoxyribose,none
depart,French
department,French
department store,none
departmental,French
departure,French
depeche,French
depend,Middle French
dependable,none
dependance,none
dependancy,none
dependant,French
dependants,none
dependence,Middle French
dependencies,none
dependency,French
dependent,none
depersonalization,none
dephlogisticate,none
depict,Latin
depiction,French
depilation,Modern Latin
depilatory,French
deplane,none
deplete,none
depletion,Late Latin
deplorable,French
deplore,French
deploy,French
deployment,French
depolarization,none
depoliticize,none
deponent,Latin
depopulate,Latin
depopulation,none
deport,French
deport,French
deportation,Middle French
deportee,none
deportment,Middle French
depose,French
deposit,Latin
deposit,Latin
deposition,French
depositor,Latin
depository,Medieval Latin
depot,French
deprave,French
depravity,none
deprecate,Latin
deprecation,Middle French
deprecative,Middle French
deprecatory,Late Latin
depreciate,Latin
depreciation,none
depredate,Latin
depredation,Middle French
depress,French
depressant,none
depression,French
depressive,Latin
deprivation,Medieval Latin
deprive,French
deprived,none
deprogram,none
dept.,none
depth,Middle English
deputation,none
depute,Middle French
deputize,none
deputy,Anglo-French
deracinate,French
derail,French
derailleur,French
derailment,French
derange,French
deranged,none
derangement,French
derby,English
derecho,American Spanish
deregulate,none
derelict,Latin
dereliction,Latin
deride,Middle French
derision,French
derisive,Latin
derisory,Latin
derivate,Latin
derivation,Middle French
derivative,Middle French
derive,French
derm,Greek
derma,Modern Latin
dermabrasion,none
dermal,Greek
dermatitis,none
dermato-,Greek
dermatologist,none
dermatology,none
dermis,Latin
dern,Old English
derogate,Latin
derogation,French
derogative,Middle French
derogatory,Late Latin
derrick,Dutch
derriere,French
derring-do,Middle English
derringer,none
dervish,Turk
Des Moines,French
des-,Latin
desalination,none
descant,Old North French
descant,none
descend,French
descendant,French
descendent,none
descender,none
descension,French
descent,French
deschooling,none
describe,French
description,French
descriptive,Late Latin
descry,French
descry,French
desecrate,French
desecration,none
desegregate,none
desegregation,American English
desensitize,none
desert,French
desert,French
desert,French
deserter,none
desertification,French
desertion,Middle French
deserve,French
desiccate,Latin
desiccated,none
desiccation,Middle French
desiderata,Latin
desideratum,none
design,Latin
design,Middle French
designate,Latin
designate,none
designated,none
designation,French
designer,none
designing,none
desirable,French
desire,French
desire,French
desirous,Anglo-French
desist,Middle French
desk,Medieval Latin
desktop,none
desmo-,Greek
desolate,Latin
desolate,none
desolation,French
despair,Anglo-French
despair,French
despatch,none
desperado,Spanish
desperate,Latin
desperation,Middle French
despicable,Late Latin
despise,French
despite,French
despoil,French
despoliation,Late Latin
despondence,Latin
despondency,none
despondent,Latin
despot,French
despotic,French
despotism,French
dessert,Middle French
destabilize,none
destin,none
destination,Latin
destine,French
destiny,French
destitute,Latin
destitution,French
destrier,French
destroy,French
destroyer,French
destruct,Latin
destructible,Late Latin
destruction,French
destructive,French
desuetude,Middle French
desultory,Latin
detach,French
detachable,none
detachment,French
detail,French
detail,French
detain,French
detainee,none
detainer,Anglo-French
detect,Latin
detection,Latin
detective,none
detector,Latin
detente,French
detention,Middle French
deter,Latin
deterge,French
detergent,Latin
detergent,none
deteriorate,Late Latin
deterioration,French
determinant,Latin
determinate,Latin
determination,French
determinative,French
determine,French
determined,none
determinism,French
deterministic,none
deterrence,none
deterrent,Latin
detest,Middle French
detestable,Middle French
detestation,French
dethrone,none
detonate,Latin
detonation,French
detonator,Latin
detour,French
detour,none
detox,none
detoxicate,none
detoxification,none
detoxify,none
detract,Middle French
detraction,French
detractor,Anglo-French
detriment,Middle French
detrimental,none
detritus,Latin
Detroit,French
deuce,Middle French
deus,French
deus ex machina,Modern Latin
deuterium,Modern Latin
Deuteronomy,Late Latin
Deutsch,German
deva,Sanskrit
devaluation,none
devalue,none
devastate,Middle French
devastating,none
devastation,Middle French
develop,French
developer,none
development,none
developmental,none
deviance,none
deviant,Late Latin
deviate,Late Latin
deviation,none
device,French
devil,Old English
devils advocate,Latin
devil-may-care,none
devilish,none
devilled,none
devilment,none
devilry,none
devious,Latin
devirginate,none
devise,French
devoid,French
devolution,none
devolve,Latin
Devon,Old English
Devonian,English
devote,Latin
devoted,none
devotee,French
devotion,French
devotional,none
devour,French
devout,French
dew,Old English
dew claw,none
dewdrop,none
Dewey Decimal system,none
dewlap,Old English
dewpoint,none
dewy,Old English
Dexedrine,French
Dexter,Latin
dexterity,Middle French
dexterous,English
dextro-,Latin
dextrose,none
dextrous,Latin
dey,Old English
dey,Turk
dharma,Sanskrit
dhoti,none
dhow,Persian
di-,Greek
di-,none
di-,none
dia-,Greek
diabetes,Latin
diabetic,none
diabolic,French
diabolical,none
diabolism,Ecclesiastical Greek
diachronic,Greek
diacritic,Greek
diadem,French
diagnose,none
diagnoses,none
diagnosis,Latin
diagnostic,Greek
diagonal,Middle French
diagram,French
dial,Medieval Latin
dial,none
dialect,Middle French
dialectal,none
dialectic,French
dialectical,none
dialog,none
dialogue,French
dialysis,Latin
diamante,French
diameter,French
diametric,none
diametrically,none
diamond,French
Diana,Italian
dianetics,Latin
Dianthus,Modern Latin
diaper,French
diaper,French
diaphanous,Medieval Latin
diaphragm,Late Latin
diarist,none
diarize,none
diarrhea,French
diarrhoea,none
diary,Latin
diaspora,Greek
diastase,Greek
diastole,Latin
diatessaron,Greek
diatom,Greek
diatonic,French
diatribe,Latin
Diazepam,none
dib,none
dibble,Middle English
dibs,none
dice,none
dice,none
dicey,none
dichotomy,Greek
dick,English
Dick Whittington,none
dickens,none
dicker,American English
dickhead,none
dicky,none
Dictaphone,none
dictate,Latin
dictate,Latin
dictation,Late Latin
dictator,Latin
dictatorial,none
dictatorship,none
diction,Late Latin
dictionary,Medieval Latin
Dictograph,none
dictum,Latin
did,Old English
didactic,French
diddle,none
didgeridoo,none
didnt,none
dido,American English
didst,none
die,Old Danish
die,French
diehard,none
dieresis,Late Latin
Dies Irae,Latin
diesel,German
diet,French
diet,Medieval Latin
diet,French
dietary,Medieval Latin
dietetic,Latin
dietetics,none
dietician,none
dietitian,none
Dietrich,German
differ,French
difference,French
different,French
differential,Medieval Latin
differentiate,Medieval Latin
difficult,French
difficulty,French
diffidence,Latin
diffident,Latin
diffract,none
diffraction,French
diffuse,Latin
diffuse,Latin
diffusion,Latin
dig,French
dig,none
digamist,none
digest,Latin
digest,Latin
digestible,French
digestion,French
digestive,French
digger,none
dight,Old English
digit,Latin
digital,Latin
digitalis,Modern Latin
dignified,none
dignify,Middle French
dignitary,none
dignity,French
digraph,Greek
digress,Latin
digression,Latin
digs,none
dike,Old English
diktat,German
dilapidate,Latin
dilapidated,none
dilapidation,Late Latin
dilatation,French
dilate,French
dilation,Latin
dilatory,Late Latin
dildo,Italian
dilemma,Late Latin
dilettante,Italian
diligence,French
diligent,French
dill,Old English
dilly,American English
dilly-dally,none
dilute,Latin
dilution,Latin
diluvial,Late Latin
dim,Old English
dim,Old English
dim sum,Cantonese
dime,French
dimension,Latin
diminish,French
diminuendo,Italian
diminution,Anglo-French
diminutive,French
dimity,Italian
dimmer,none
dimorphous,Greek
dimple,Old English
dimple,none
dimwit,none
din,Old English
Dinah,Hebrew
dinar,Arabic
Dinaric,none
dine,French
diner,American English
dinette,French
ding,Old Norse
ding dong,none
ding-a-ling,none
dingbat,American English
dinger,American English
dinghy,Sanskrit
dingle,none
dingleberry,none
dingo,English
dingus,Dutch
dingy,Kentish
dining,none
dink,none
DINK,none
dinkum,none
dinky,Scot.
dinner,French
dinosaur,Modern Latin
dint,Old English
diocesan,French
diocese,French
diode,Greek
Diomedes,Greek
Dion,none
Dionysian,Greek
diorama,French
Dioscuri,Latin
dioxin,none
dip,Old English
dip,none
diphtheria,French
diphthong,Middle French
diplodocus,Modern Latin
diploid,Greek
diploma,Latin
diplomacy,French
diplomat,French
diplomatic,Medieval Latin
dipper,American English
dippy,none
dipsomania,Latin
dipsomaniac,none
diptych,Latin
dire,Latin
direct,Latin
direct,Latin
direction,Latin
directions,none
directive,Medieval Latin
directly,none
director,Anglo-French
directorate,none
directory,Medieval Latin
dirge,Latin
dirigible,French
dirk,Scand
dirndl,German
dirt,Middle English
dirty,none
dirty,none
dis,English
Dis,Latin
dis-,French
disability,none
disable,none
disabled,none
disabuse,none
disaccord,none
disaccustom,French
disadvantage,French
disadvantage,none
disadvantaged,none
disadvantageous,none
disaffect,none
disaffected,none
disaffection,none
disagree,French
disagreeable,French
disagreement,none
disallow,French
disallowable,none
disambiguate,none
disambiguation,none
disappear,French
disappearance,none
disappoint,Middle French
disappointed,none
disappointment,none
disapprobation,none
disapproval,none
disapprove,none
disarm,French
disarmament,none
disarray,French
disarray,none
disarticulate,none
disassemble,none
disassociate,none
disaster,Middle French
disastrous,French
disavow,French
disavowal,none
disband,Middle French
disbar,none
disbelief,Latin
disbelieve,none
disburse,French
disbursement,none
disc,Latin
discalceate,Latin
discard,none
discern,French
discernible,French
discerning,none
discernment,none
discharge,French
discharge,none
dischargeable,none
disciple,Old English
discipleship,none
disciplinable,none
disciplinarian,none
disciplinary,Medieval Latin
discipline,French
discipline,none
disclaim,Anglo-French
disclaimer,Anglo-French
disclose,French
disclosure,English
disco,American English
discobolus,Latin
discography,none
discolor,French
discoloration,Medieval Latin
discolour,English
discombobulate,American English
discombobulated,none
discomfit,French
discomfiture,French
discomfort,French
discomfort,French
disconcert,Middle French
disconnect,none
disconnection,none
disconsolate,Medieval Latin
discontent,none
discontent,none
discontent,none
discontinuance,Anglo-French
discontinue,French
discord,French
discord,French
discordance,none
discordant,French
discotheque,French
discount,French
discount,French
discountenance,Middle French
discourage,Middle French
discourse,French
discourse,none
discourteous,none
discourtesy,none
discover,French
discovery,none
discredit,none
discreet,French
discrepancy,Latin
discrete,none
discretion,French
discretionary,none
discriminate,Latin
discriminating,none
discrimination,Late Latin
discriminatory,none
discursive,Middle French
discus,Latin
discuss,Latin
discussion,French
disdain,French
disdain,French
disease,French
diseased,Middle English
disembark,Middle French
disembodied,none
disembowel,none
disempower,none
disenchant,Middle French
disenfranchise,none
disengage,none
disengagement,none
disentangle,none
disfavor,none
disfavour,English
disfigure,French
disfigurement,none
disfunction,none
disfunctional,none
disgorge,French
disgrace,Middle French
disgraceful,none
disgruntle,Middle English
disgruntled,none
disguise,French
disguise,none
disgust,Middle French
disgust,Middle French
dish,Old English
dish,none
dishabille,French
disharmony,none
dishcloth,none
dishearten,none
dishevel,French
disheveled,none
dishonest,French
dishonesty,French
dishonor,French
dishonor,French
dishonorable,none
dishonour,English
dishpan,none
dishwasher,none
dishwater,none
dishy,none
disillusion,none
disillusionment,none
disincentive,none
disinclination,none
disincline,none
disinfect,French
disinfectant,French
disinformation,Russian
disingenuous,none
disinherit,French
disinhibition,none
disintegrate,none
disintegration,none
disinter,French
disinterested,none
disinvestment,none
disinvite,none
disjecta membra,Latin
disjointed,French
disjunction,French
disjuncture,Latin
disk,American English
diskette,none
dislike,English
dislocate,Medieval Latin
dislocation,French
dislodge,French
disloyal,French
disloyalty,Middle French
dismal,Anglo-French
dismantle,Middle French
dismast,none
dismay,French
dismay,none
dismember,French
dismemberment,none
dismiss,Latin
dismissal,none
dismissive,none
dismount,none
Disney,none
Disneyland,none
disobedience,French
disobedient,French
disobey,French
disoblige,French
disorder,French
disorder,none
disorderly,none
disorganize,French
disorient,French
disorientation,none
disown,none
disparage,French
disparagement,French
disparate,Latin
disparity,Middle French
dispassionate,none
dispatch,Spanish
dispatcher,none
dispel,Latin
dispensable,Medieval Latin
dispensary,Medieval Latin
dispensation,French
dispense,French
dispenser,Anglo-French
dispersal,none
disperse,Latin
dispersion,French
dispirit,none
displace,Middle French
displacement,none
display,French
display,none
displease,French
displeasure,French
disport,Anglo-French
disposable,none
disposal,none
dispose,French
disposed,none
disposition,French
dispossess,French
dispossession,none
disproof,none
disproportion,none
disproportionate,none
disprove,French
disputant,Latin
disputation,French
dispute,French
disqualification,none
disqualify,none
disquiet,none
disquietude,none
disquisition,Latin
disregard,none
disremember,American English
disrepair,none
disreputable,none
disrepute,none
disrespect,none
disrespectful,none
disrobe,none
disrupt,Latin
disruption,Latin
disruptive,none
dissatisfaction,none
dissatisfy,none
dissect,Latin
dissection,Middle French
dissemble,Middle English
dissembler,none
disseminate,Latin
dissemination,Latin
dissension,French
dissent,Latin
dissenter,none
dissertation,Latin
disservice,French
dissever,Anglo-French
dissidence,Latin
dissident,Latin
dissident,none
dissimilar,French
dissimilate,Latin
dissimilation,none
dissimilitude,Latin
dissimulate,Latin
dissimulation,French
dissipate,Latin
dissipation,Latin
dissociate,Latin
dissociation,French
dissolute,Latin
dissolution,French
dissolve,Latin
dissonance,Middle French
dissonant,Middle French
dissuade,Middle French
dissuasion,Latin
distaff,Old English
distal,none
distance,French
distance,none
distant,French
distaste,none
distasteful,none
distelfink,Pennsylvania Dutch
distemper,French
distemper,none
distend,Latin
distention,Middle French
distill,French
distillate,none
distillation,Late Latin
distiller,none
distillery,none
distinct,French
distinction,French
distinctive,French
distinctly,none
distingue,French
distinguish,Middle French
distinguishable,none
distinguished,none
distort,Latin
distortion,Latin
distract,Latin
distraction,Latin
distraught,English
distress,French
distress,French
distressed,none
distressful,none
distribute,Latin
distribution,French
distributive,Middle French
distributor,Latin
district,French
distrust,none
disturb,French
disturbance,French
disturbed,none
disunion,none
disunite,none
disuse,none
disuse,French
ditch,Old English
ditch,American English
ditheism,none
dither,Middle English
dithyramb,Latin
ditto,Italian
ditty,French
ditty bag,none
ditzy,none
diuresis,Latin
diuretic,French
diurnal,Late Latin
diva,Italian
divagate,Latin
divagation,Latin
divan,Turk
dive,Old English
dive,American English
diver,none
diverge,Modern Latin
divergence,Modern Latin
divergent,Modern Latin
divers,French
diverse,Latin
diversification,Medieval Latin
diversify,French
diversion,Middle French
diversity,French
divert,Middle French
diverticulum,Modern Latin
Dives,Latin
divest,Middle French
divestiture,none
divide,Latin
divide,American English
dividend,Middle French
divider,none
divination,French
divine,French
divine,French
divine,French
divinely,none
divinity,French
divisible,French
division,French
divisive,Latin
divisor,Latin
divorce,French
divorce,French
divorcee,French
divot,Scot.
divulge,Latin
divvy,American English
Dixie,none
Dixiecrat,none
dizziness,Old English
dizzy,Old English
dizzy,Old English
DNA,none
do,Middle English
do,German
do-gooder,English
do-it-yourself,none
do-rag,English
do-si-do,French
DOA,none
doable,none
dobbie,none
dobbin,Middle English
Dobermann pinscher,German
dobro,American English
doc,none
docent,Latin
Docetism,Greek
docile,Italian
docility,French
docimacy,Greek
dock,Middle Dutch
dock,Flemish
dock,Old English
dock,Old English
docket,none
docksider,none
doctor,French
doctor,none
Doctor Martens,German
doctorate,none
doctrinaire,French
doctrinal,Late Latin
doctrine,French
document,French
document,none
documentary,French
documentation,Medieval Latin
dodder,Middle English
dodecahedron,Greek
dodge,none
dodge,Scot.
dodger,English
Dodgers,none
dodgy,none
dodo,Portuguese
doe,Old English
doer,none
does,Northumbrian
doesnt,none
doff,Scot.
dog,Old English
dog,none
dog days,Latin
dog leg,none
doge,Latin
dogfight,none
dogfish,Greek
dogged,none
dogger,none
doggerel,none
doggone,American English
doggy,none
doghouse,none
dogie,none
dogma,Latin
dogmatic,Late Latin
dogmatism,French
dogs,none
dogwood,none
doily,none
doing,none
dojo,Japanese
dol,Latin
Dolby,none
dolce far niente,Italian
dolce vita,Italian
doldrums,Old English
dole,Old English
dole,none
doleful,Middle English
doll,English
doll,American English
dollar,Low German
dollhouse,none
dollop,none
dolly,none
dolmen,French
dolomite,French
Dolores,Spanish
dolorous,French
dolphin,French
dolt,Middle English
Dom Perignon,Latin
domain,Scot.
dome,French
Domesday book,Middle English
domestic,Middle French
domesticate,Medieval Latin
domestication,none
domesticity,none
domicile,Middle French
dominance,none
dominant,Middle French
dominate,Latin
domination,French
dominatrix,none
domineer,Dutch
Dominic,Latin
Dominican,Latin
Dominican,Carib
dominion,French
domino,French
domino theory,none
dominoes,none
don,Spanish
don,none
don juan,Spanish
dont,none
Donald,Scot.
donate,none
donation,French
Donatist,Medieval Latin
donative,Latin
done,Old English
donee,none
Donegal,Irish
dong,none
donkey,English
Donna,Italian
donnish,none
donnybrook,none
donor,Anglo-French
Donovan,Irish
donut,none
doo-wop,none
doodad,none
doodah,none
doodle,Dutch
doodle-bug,German
doofus,none
doohickey,American English
doolally,Urdu
doom,Old English
doom,none
Doomsday,Old English
door,Middle English
doorbell,none
doorknob,American English
doormat,none
doorstep,none
doorway,none
dooryard,American English
doozy,Italian
dopamine,none
dope,American English
dope,none
dopey,none
doppelganger,German
Doppler,none
Dora,none
Dorcas,Greek
Dorchester,Old English
dord,none
Dorian,Greek
Doric,Greek
dork,none
dorm,none
dormancy,Middle English
dormant,French
dormer,Middle French
dormitory,Latin
dormouse,Anglo-French
Dorothy,French
dorsal,French
dory,American English
dory,French
dosage,French
dose,Middle French
dose,none
dossier,French
dot,Old English
dot,none
dotage,none
dotard,none
dote,Middle Low German
doth,none
dotty,none
Douai,English
double,French
double,French
double,none
double agent,none
double date,none
Double Dutch,Dutch
double entendre,French
double talk,Old English
double-check,none
double-cross,American English
double-decker,none
double-header,American English
double-park,none
double-take,none
double-team,none
doublespeak,none
doublet,French
doublethink,none
doubloon,French
doubly,none
doubt,French
doubt,French
doubtful,none
doubtless,none
douche,French
douchebag,American English
dough,Old English
doughboy,American English
doughface,none
doughnut,American English
doughty,Old English
Douglas,Gaelic
doula,Greek
dour,Scot.
douse,Middle Dutch
dove,Old English
dove,none
dovecote,none
Dover,Old English
dovetail,none
Dow Jones,none
dowager,Middle French
dowdy,none
dowel,Middle Low German
dower,French
down,Old English
down,Old Norse
down,Old English
down,none
Downs Syndrome,English
down-hearted,none
down-to-earth,none
downbeat,none
downcast,none
downer,none
downfall,none
downgrade,none
downhill,none
Downing Street,none
download,none
downplay,none
downpour,none
downright,Old English
downscale,American English
downside,none
downsize,none
downspout,none
downstairs,none
downstream,none
downtime,none
downtown,none
downtrodden,none
downturn,none
downward,Old English
downy,none
dowry,Anglo-French
dowse,German
doxology,Medieval Latin
doxy,Low German
doyen,Middle French
doyenne,French
doze,Scand
dozen,French
dozy,none
Dr. Pepper,none
drab,Middle French
drachma,Latin
Draco,Latin
draconian,Greek
Dracula,Hung
draft,American English
draftee,American English
draftsman,none
drafty,none
drag,Old Norse
drag,Scand
draggle,none
dragnet,Old English
dragoman,French
dragon,French
dragonfly,none
dragoon,French
dragoon,French
dragster,none
drain,none
drain,Old English
drainage,none
drake,Old English
drake,Old English
dram,Anglo-Latin
drama,Late Latin
Dramamine,none
dramatic,Late Latin
dramatis personae,Latin
dramatist,Greek
dramatization,none
dramatize,Greek
dramaturge,French
dramaturgy,French
Drambuie,Scot.
drang nach Osten,German
drank,Old English
drape,French
drape,none
draper,Anglo-French
drapery,French
drapes,none
drastic,Greek
drat,none
draught,Old English
draughts,none
draughtsman,none
draughty,none
Dravidian,Sanskrit
draw,Old English
draw,none
drawback,none
drawbridge,none
drawdown,none
drawer,none
drawers,none
drawing,none
drawing room,none
drawl,Middle Dutch
drawn,Old English
dray,Middle English
drayage,none
drayman,none
dread,Old English
dreadful,none
dreadlocks,none
Dreadnought,none
dreads,none
dream,Old Norse
dream,Old English
dreamboat,none
dreamer,Old English
dreamland,none
dreamless,Old English
dreamscape,none
dreamt,none
dreamy,American English
drear,none
dreariness,Old English
dreary,Old English
dreck,German
dredge,Scot.
dredger,none
dree,Old English
dreg,none
dregs,Old Norse
drek,none
drench,Old English
dress,French
dress,none
dressage,French
dresser,French
dressing,none
dressy,none
drew,Old English
drib,Scot.
dribble,none
driblet,none
drier,none
drift,Old English
drift,none
drifter,none
driftwood,none
drill,Dutch
drill,none
drill,none
drill,French
drill,Dutch
drink,Old English
drinker,Old English
drinking,none
drip,American English
drip,Danish
drippy,none
drive,American English
drive,Old English
drive-by,none
drive-in,none
drive-through,none
drivel,none
drivel,Old English
driven,none
driver,Slav.
driveway,none
drizzle,Old English
droid,none
droit du seigneur,French
droll,French
drollery,French
dromedary,French
drone,Old English
droog,Russian
drool,none
droop,Old Norse
droopy,Old Norse
drop,Old English
drop,Old English
droplet,none
dropout,none
dropper,none
dropsical,none
dropsy,Middle English
drosophila,Modern Latin
dross,Old English
drought,Old English
drove,Old English
drove,Old English
drover,none
droves,none
drown,Old English
drowse,Old English
drowsy,Old English
drub,Arabic
drudge,Old English
drudgery,none
drug,Anglo-French
drug,none
drug store,American English
druggist,French
drugs,none
Druid,French
Druidess,none
Druidic,none
drum,Middle Dutch
drum,American English
drumlin,Gaelic
drummer,none
Drummond light,Scot.
drumstick,none
drunk,American English
drunkard,Middle English
drunken,Old English
drunkenness,Old English
drupe,Modern Latin
Druse,Arabic
Drusilla,Latin
druthers,American English
dry,Old English
dry,Old English
dryad,Latin
dryer,none
du jour,French
dual,Latin
dualism,French
dualistic,none
duality,French
dub,Old English
dub,none
Dubai,none
dubiety,Late Latin
dubious,Latin
dubitation,Middle French
Dublin,Irish
Dubonnet,French
ducal,Middle French
ducat,French
Duce,Italian
duchess,French
duchy,French
duck,Old English
duck,Dutch
duck,Old English
duckling,Danish
ducky,none
duct,Latin
duct tape,none
ductile,French
dud,none
dude,English
dudette,none
dudgeon,Italian
duds,none
due,French
duel,Latin
duel,none
duelist,none
duenna,Spanish
dues,none
duet,French
duff,none
duffel,none
duffer,Scot.
duffle,Dutch
dufus,none
dug,Swedish
dug,none
Dugan,Irish
dugong,Malay
dugout,American English
duke,French
dukes,none
dulcet,French
dulcimer,Middle French
Dulcinea,Spanish
dull,Old English
dull,none
dullard,none
Duluth,French
duly,none
duma,Russian
dumb,Old English
dumbass,none
dumbbell,American English
dumbfound,none
dumbfounded,none
dumbledore,none
dumbstruck,none
dumbwaiter,none
dumdum bullet,Persian
dummkopf,German
dummy,none
dump,Scand
dump,none
dumpling,Low German
dumps,Dutch
Dumpster,none
dumpy,none
dun,French
dun,Old English
Duncan,Gaelic
dunce,Scot.
dunderhead,Middle Dutch
dundrearies,English
dune,French
dung,Old English
dungaree,none
dungarees,none
dungeon,French
dunghill,none
dunk,American English
Dunkirk,French
dunno,American English
duo,Italian
duodecimal,Latin
duodecimo,Latin
duodenal,none
duodenum,Medieval Latin
dupe,French
dupe,none
duplex,Latin
duplicate,Latin
duplicate,Latin
duplication,Middle French
duplicative,none
duplicitous,none
duplicity,French
dura mater,Medieval Latin
durability,French
durable,French
durance,French
duration,French
duress,French
Durham,Old English
durian,Malay
during,French
durst,none
durum,Latin
Dushanbe,none
dusk,Old English
dusky,none
dust,Old English
dust,none
dust bowl,none
dustbin,none
duster,none
dustup,none
dusty,none
dusty miller,none
Dutch,German
Dutchman,Dutch
dutiful,none
duty,Anglo-French
duvet,French
DVD,none
dwarf,Old English
dwarf,none
dwarfish,none
dweeb,none
dwell,Old English
dweller,none
dwelling,none
dwindle,Middle English
dyad,Latin
dybbuk,Hebrew
dye,Old English
dye,Old English
dyeing,none
dyer,none
dying,none
dyke,American English
dynamic,French
dynamic,none
dynamics,none
dynamism,Greek
dynamite,Swedish
dynamite,none
dynamo,German
dynast,Late Latin
dynastic,none
dynasty,Middle French
dyne,German
dys-,Greek
dysentery,French
dysfunction,none
dysfunctional,none
dyslexia,German
dyspepsia,Late Latin
dyspeptic,Greek
dysphemism,Greek
dysplasia,Modern Latin
dysprosium,Greek
dystopia,Greek
dystrophy,Modern Latin
em,Middle English
-ea-,none
-ean,none
-ectomy,Greek
-ed,Old English
-ee,English
-een,French
-eer,French
-el,English
-el,Old English
-ella,Latin
-eme,French
-emia,Modern Latin
-en,Old English
-en,Latin
-ence,none
-ency,Latin
-ene,Greek
-ent,French
-er,English
-er,Old English
-er,English
-eroo,Italian
-ery,Middle English
-escence,Latin
-escent,Latin
-ese,French
-esque,French
-ess,French
-et,Middle English
-etic,Greek
-ette,French
E pluribus unum,Latin
een,Kentish
eer,none
e-,Late Latin
e-commerce,none
e-mail,none
E. coli,German
e.g.,Latin
e.r.a.,none
e.s.l.,English
e.t.a.,none
ea,Old English
each,Old English
each other,Old English
eager,French
eagle,French
eaglet,French
Eames,Old English
ear,Old English
ear,Old English
ear-muff,none
ear-plug,none
ear-worm,none
earache,none
eardrum,none
earful,none
earl,Old English
earldom,Old English
earlobe,Old English
early,Old English
earmark,none
earmark,none
earn,Old English
earner,none
earnest,Old English
earnest,Middle English
earnestly,Old English
earning,none
earnings,Old English
earring,Old English
earshot,none
earth,Old English
earth,none
Earth Day,none
earth-bound,none
earth-mother,German
earthen,Old English
earthenware,Old English
earthlight,none
earthling,Old English
earthly,Old English
earthman,none
earthquake,Old English
earthwork,Old English
earthworm,Old English
earthy,none
earwax,none
Earwicker,English
earwig,Old English
ease,French
ease,French
easeful,none
easel,Dutch
easement,French
easily,none
east,Old English
Easter,Old English
Easter Island,Dutch
easterling,German
easterly,Old English
eastern,Old English
easterner,American English
easternmost,none
Eastlake,Gothic
eastward,Old English
easy,French
easy chair,none
easy-going,none
eat,Old English
eatable,none
eaten,Old English
eater,Old English
eatery,none
eats,Old English
eau,French
eave,Old English
eaves,none
eavesdrop,none
eavesdropper,Middle English
ebb,Old English
ebb,Old English
Ebenezer,Hebrew
Ebionite,Latin
Eblis,Arabic
ebola,none
ebon,French
Ebonics,English
ebonite,none
ebony,Middle English
ebriety,Latin
ebullience,Latin
ebullient,Latin
ec-,English
ecarte,French
ecbatic,Latin
ecce homo,Latin
eccentric,Middle French
eccentric,Middle French
eccentricity,Modern Latin
Ecclesiastes,Greek
ecclesiastic,Middle French
ecclesiastical,none
ecdysiast,Greek
echelon,French
echidna,Greek
echinoderm,Modern Latin
echo,Latin
echo,none
echoic,none
echolalia,German
echolocation,none
echopraxia,Greek
echovirus,none
eclair,French
eclampsia,Modern Latin
eclat,French
eclectic,French
eclecticism,none
eclipse,French
eclipse,French
ecliptic,Medieval Latin
eclogue,Latin
eco-,none
ecocentric,none
ecofriendly,none
ecological,none
ecologist,none
ecology,German
econometric,none
economic,French
economical,none
economics,French
economise,English
economist,Middle French
economize,none
economy,Latin
economy,none
ecosphere,German
ecosystem,English
ecotourism,none
ecru,French
ecstasy,French
ecstatic,Greek
ecto-,Latin
ectoderm,none
ectomorph,Greek
ectopic,Modern Latin
ectoplasm,none
ecu,French
Ecuador,Spanish
ecumenical,English
ecumenism,none
eczema,Greek
edacious,Latin
Edam,none
Edda,Old Norse
eddy,Scot.
eddy,none
edelweiss,German
edema,Latin
Eden,Hebrew
Edgar,Old English
edge,Old English
edge,none
edged,none
edgeways,none
edgewise,none
edging,none
edgy,none
edibility,none
edible,Late Latin
edict,French
edification,French
edifice,French
edify,French
Edinburgh,Old English
edit,French
Edith,Old English
edition,French
editor,Latin
editorial,American English
editorialize,none
editorship,none
Edmund,Old English
Edna,Greek
Edsel,none
educability,none
educable,French
educate,Latin
educated,none
education,Middle French
educational,none
educationese,none
educationist,none
educative,Latin
educator,Latin
educe,Latin
educrat,none
Edward,Old English
Edwardian,English
Edwin,Old English
eek,none
eel,Old English
eel-skin,none
eeny,German
eerie,Scot.
eerily,none
eff,none
effable,French
efface,Middle French
effacement,French
effect,French
effect,Latin
effected,none
effective,French
effectively,none
effectiveness,none
effects,French
effectual,French
effectuate,French
effeminacy,none
effeminate,Latin
effendi,Turk
efferent,Latin
effervesce,Latin
effervescence,French
effervescent,Latin
effete,Latin
efficacious,Latin
efficacy,Latin
efficiency,Latin
efficient,French
effigy,Middle French
effleurage,French
effloresce,Latin
efflorescence,French
efflorescent,Latin
effluence,Late Latin
effluent,Latin
effluvia,Latin
effluvium,Latin
efflux,Latin
effort,Middle French
effortless,none
effrontery,French
effulgence,Late Latin
effulgent,Latin
effuse,Middle French
effuse,Latin
effusion,Middle French
effusive,Latin
eft,Old English
eftsoons,Old English
egad,none
egalitarian,French
egalitarianism,none
Egbert,Old English
egest,Latin
egestion,Latin
egg,Old Norse
egg,Old Norse
egg-beater,none
egg-cup,none
egg-nog,American English
egg-timer,none
egg-white,none
egghead,none
eggplant,none
eggshell,Old English
eglantine,French
ego,Latin
egocentric,none
egoism,French
egoist,French
egomania,none
egomaniac,none
egotheism,none
egotism,none
egotist,none
egotize,none
egregious,Latin
egress,Latin
egret,French
Egypt,Old English
Egyptian,Egypt
Egyptology,Egypt
eh,none
eider,German
eiderdown,Scand
eidetic,German
eidolon,Greek
Eiffel Tower,French
eight,Old English
eighteen,Old English
eighteenth,Old English
eightfold,Old English
eighth,Old English
eighties,none
eighty,Old English
eighty-six,none
Eileen,Irish
Einstein,German
einsteinium,none
Eire,Irish
eirenic,Greek
eisegesis,Greek
Eisenhower,German
Eisteddfod,Latin
either,Old English
ejaculate,Latin
ejaculation,French
eject,Latin
ejection,Middle French
eke,Old English
eke,Old English
el,American English
el,Spanish
El Paso,Spanish
elaborate,Latin
elaborate,Latin
elaborately,none
elaboration,Late Latin
elan,French
eland,Dutch
elapse,Middle French
elasmobranch,Greek
elasmosaurus,Modern Latin
elastic,French
elasticity,French
elate,Latin
elated,none
elation,French
elbow,Old English
elbow,none
eld,Old English
elder,Old English
elder,Old English
elder,Old English
elderly,Old English
eldest,Old English
eldorado,Spanish
Eldred,Old English
eldritch,Scot.
Eleanor,French
elect,Latin
elect,Latin
electable,none
election,Anglo-French
electioneer,none
elective,Late Latin
elector,Latin
electoral,German
electorate,German
Electra,Greek
electric,English
electrical,none
electrician,none
electricity,Modern Latin
electrification,none
electrify,none
electro-,Latin
electrocardiogram,none
electrocute,American English
electrocution,American English
electrode,English
electroencephalogram,Modern Latin
electrolysis,English
electrolyte,Greek
electromagnet,none
electromagnetic,none
electromagnetism,none
electron,Irish
electronic,none
electronic mail,none
electronics,none
electroplate,none
electrotype,none
electrum,Old English
eleemosynary,Medieval Latin
elegance,Middle French
elegant,Middle French
elegiac,Middle French
elegize,none
elegy,Middle French
element,French
elemental,Medieval Latin
elementary,Middle French
elephant,French
elephantiasis,Greek
elephantine,Latin
Eleusinian,none
eleutherian,Greek
elevate,Latin
elevation,French
elevator,Latin
eleven,Old English
eleventh,Old English
elevon,none
elf,German
elfin,none
elfish,none
Elgin Marbles,Scot.
Eli,Hebrew
Eliac,Greek
elicit,Latin
elide,Middle French
eligibility,none
eligible,French
Elihu,Hebrew
Elijah,Hebrew
eliminate,Latin
elimination,none
Eliot,French
Elisha,Hebrew
elision,Latin
elite,French
elitism,none
elitist,none
elixir,Medieval Latin
Elizabeth,Late Latin
Elizabethan,none
elk,Old English
ell,Old English
ell,Latin
Ella,Old High German
Ellen,none
ellipse,French
ellipsis,Latin
ellipsoid,none
elliptic,Greek
elliptical,none
Ellis Island,Dutch
elm,Old English
Elmo,Greek
elocution,Late Latin
Elohim,Hebrew
eloign,Anglo-French
elongate,Late Latin
elongation,Medieval Latin
elope,Middle Dutch
elopement,Anglo-French
eloquence,French
eloquent,French
Elsa,German
else,Old English
Elsevier,French
elsewhere,Old English
elsewise,none
elucidate,Middle French
elucidation,none
elude,Latin
elusion,Medieval Latin
elusive,Latin
elution,Late Latin
elven,Old English
elver,none
Elvira,Spanish
elvish,Old English
Elysian,none
Elysium,Latin
elytra,Greek
elytro-,Greek
em,Latin
em-,French
emaciate,Latin
emaciated,none
emaciation,Latin
emaculate,Latin
email,French
emanant,Latin
emanate,Latin
emanation,Late Latin
emancipate,Latin
emancipated,none
emancipation,French
emancipator,Latin
emancipatory,none
emarginate,Latin
emasculate,Latin
emasculation,none
embalm,French
embankment,none
embargo,Spanish
embark,Middle French
embarkation,French
embarras,French
embarrass,French
embarrassed,none
embarrassment,French
embassador,none
embassy,Middle French
embattle,French
embattled,none
embed,none
embellish,French
embellishment,French
ember,Old English
ember-days,Old English
ember-goose,none
embezzle,Anglo-French
embezzlement,none
embezzler,none
embitter,none
emblazon,none
emblem,Latin
emblematic,French
embodiment,none
embody,none
embolden,none
embolism,French
embolus,Latin
embonpoint,French
embosom,none
emboss,French
embouchure,French
embrace,French
embrace,Middle English
embrasure,French
embrocate,Medieval Latin
embroider,Anglo-French
embroidery,none
embroil,French
embryo,Medieval Latin
embryology,none
embryonic,Latin
emcee,none
emend,Latin
emendation,Latin
emerald,French
emerge,Middle French
emergence,French
emergency,Latin
emergent,Latin
emeritus,Latin
emersed,Latin
emersion,Latin
emery,Middle French
emesis,Latin
emetic,French
emic,none
emigrant,Latin
emigrate,Latin
emigration,Late Latin
emigre,French
Emil,German
Emily,French
eminence,French
eminent,French
emir,Arabic
emirate,none
emissary,French
emission,Middle French
emit,Latin
Emma,German
Emmanuel,Greek
Emmaus,Aramaic
emmer,German
emmet,Old English
Emmy,none
emollient,French
emolument,French
emote,American English
emoticon,none
emotion,Middle French
emotional,none
emotionless,none
emotive,Latin
empanada,American English
empanel,Anglo-French
empath,none
empathetic,none
empathic,none
empathise,English
empathize,none
empathy,German
emperor,French
emphasis,Latin
emphasise,English
emphasize,none
emphatic,Latin
emphysema,Modern Latin
empire,French
empiric,Latin
empirical,none
empiricism,none
empiricist,none
emplace,none
emplacement,French
emplane,none
emplore,none
employ,French
employ,French
employe,French
employee,French
employer,none
employment,Middle English
emporium,Latin
empower,none
empowerment,none
empress,French
emprise,French
emptiness,none
emption,Latin
empty,Old English
empty,none
empty,Middle English
empty-handed,none
empyreal,Medieval Latin
empyrean,Medieval Latin
emu,Portuguese
emulate,Latin
emulation,Middle French
emulator,Latin
emulgent,Latin
emulous,Latin
emulsification,none
emulsifier,none
emulsify,Latin
emulsion,French
en,none
en,French
en bloc,French
en masse,French
en passant,French
en route,French
en suite,French
en-,French
en-,Greek
enable,none
enabler,none
enact,none
enactment,none
enamel,Anglo-French
enamel,French
enamor,French
enamored,none
enamour,English
encamp,none
encampment,none
encapsulate,none
encapsulation,none
encase,none
encaustic,Greek
enceinte,French
encephalitis,none
encephalo-,Latin
enchain,French
enchant,French
enchanted,none
enchanter,French
enchanting,none
enchantment,French
enchantress,none
encharge,French
enchilada,American English
enchiridion,Late Latin
encircle,none
encirclement,none
enclave,French
enclitic,Late Latin
enclose,French
enclosure,none
encode,none
encomiast,Greek
encomienda,Spanish
encomium,Late Latin
encompass,none
encore,French
encounter,French
encounter,French
encourage,French
encouragement,Middle French
encroach,French
encroachment,French
encrust,French
encrypt,none
enculturation,none
encumber,French
encumbrance,French
encyclical,Late Latin
encyclopaedia,Latin
encyclopedia,Modern Latin
encyclopedic,none
end,Old English
end,Old English
end-paper,none
endanger,none
endangerment,none
endear,none
endearing,none
endearment,none
endeavor,French
endeavor,none
endeavour,English
ended,none
endemic,Greek
endgame,none
ending,Old English
endive,French
endless,Old English
endlong,Old English
endmost,Middle English
endo-,Greek
endocrine,Latin
endocrinology,none
endoderm,none
endogamy,Scot.
endogenous,none
endometrium,Latin
endomorph,Greek
endorphin,French
endorse,French
endorsement,none
endoscopy,none
endoskeleton,none
endosperm,German
endospore,French
endothermic,French
endow,Anglo-French
endowed,none
endowment,none
endpoint,none
endue,French
endurable,French
endurance,none
endure,French
enduring,none
Endymion,Greek
enema,Medieval Latin
enemy,French
energetic,Greek
energize,none
energizer,none
energy,Middle French
enervate,Latin
enervation,Middle French
enfant terrible,French
enfeeble,French
enfeoff,French
Enfield,none
enfilade,French
enflame,none
enfold,none
enforce,French
enforceable,none
enforcement,French
enforcer,none
enfranchise,French
engage,French
engaged,none
engagement,none
engaging,none
engender,French
engine,French
engineer,French
engineer,Middle English
engineering,none
engird,none
England,Old English
English,Old English
English,French
English,Old English
english,English
Englishman,Old English
engorge,French
engorgement,French
engraft,none
engrain,French
engrave,French
engraver,none
engraving,none
engross,Anglo-French
engulf,French
enhance,Anglo-French
enhancement,none
enharmonic,Greek
ENIAC,none
Enid,none
enigma,Latin
enigmatic,Late Latin
enisle,none
enjambment,French
enjoin,French
enjoy,French
enjoyable,none
enjoyment,none
enkindle,none
enlace,French
enlarge,French
enlargement,Middle English
enlighten,English
enlightened,none
enlightenment,German
enlist,Dutch
enlistment,none
enliven,none
enmesh,none
enmity,French
ennead,Greek
ennoble,Middle French
ennui,French
Enoch,Latin
enoptomancy,Greek
enormious,none
enormity,French
enormous,Latin
Enos,Greek
enough,Old English
enow,Old English
enquire,none
enquiry,none
enrage,French
enrapt,none
enrapture,none
enrich,French
enrichment,none
enrobe,none
enrol,none
enroll,French
enrollment,Anglo-French
ensample,French
ensconce,French
ensemble,French
enshrine,none
enshroud,none
ensign,Scot.
ensilage,French
enslave,none
enslavement,none
ensnare,none
ensorcell,French
ensue,French
ensure,Anglo-French
entablature,Italian
entail,Anglo-French
entangle,none
entanglement,none
entelechy,Latin
entente,French
enter,French
enteric,Latin
enteritis,Latin
entero-,Greek
enterovirus,none
enterprise,French
enterprising,none
entertain,Middle French
entertainer,none
entertainment,none
enthalpy,Greek
enthrall,English
enthrone,French
enthuse,American English
enthusiasm,Middle French
enthusiast,Greek
enthusiastic,Greek
enthymeme,Latin
entice,French
enticement,French
entire,French
entirely,none
entirety,Anglo-French
entitle,Anglo-French
entitlement,French
entity,Late Latin
ento-,Greek
entomb,French
entombment,none
entomolite,Greek
entomologist,none
entomology,French
entomophagous,Greek
entoparasite,German
entourage,French
entrails,French
entrain,French
entrain,none
entrammel,none
entrance,Middle French
entrance,none
entrant,French
entrap,French
entrapment,none
entre nous,French
entre-,French
entreat,Anglo-French
entreaty,none
entree,French
entrench,none
entrenchment,none
entrepot,French
entrepreneur,French
entrepreneurial,none
entropy,German
entrust,none
entry,French
entryway,none
entwine,none
enucleation,Latin
enumerable,none
enumerate,Latin
enumeration,Middle French
enunciate,Latin
enunciation,Latin
enunciative,Latin
enuresis,Latin
envelop,French
envelope,French
envelopment,none
envenom,French
enviable,French
envious,Anglo-French
environ,French
environment,German
environmental,none
environmentalism,none
environs,French
envisage,French
envision,none
envoy,French
envy,French
envy,French
enwind,none
enwrap,none
enzyme,German
eo-,Greek
Eocene,Latin
Eohippus,Modern Latin
eolian,none
eolithic,French
eon,Late Latin
EPA,none
epact,French
epaulet,French
epee,French
epeiric,Greek
epexegesis,Modern Latin
ephah,Hebrew
ephebe,Greek
ephebic,Latin
ephedra,Modern Latin
ephedrine,Japanese
ephemera,Medieval Latin
ephemeral,none
ephemeris,Modern Latin
ephemeron,Greek
Ephesians,Greek
Ephesus,Greek
ephialtes,Greek
ephod,Hebrew
ephor,Greek
Ephraim,Greek
epi-,Greek
epic,Middle French
epicene,Latin
epicenter,Modern Latin
epicentre,English
epicure,Latin
epicurean,French
epicureanism,none
epicureous,Latin
epicycle,Late Latin
epidemic,French
epidemic,Old English
epidemiology,Greek
epidemy,French
epidermis,Late Latin
epididymis,Modern Latin
epidural,none
epigastrium,Modern Latin
epiglottis,Late Latin
epigone,Latin
epigram,Middle French
epigrammatic,none
epigraph,Greek
epilepsy,Middle French
epileptic,French
epilogue,Middle French
epinephrine,Greek
epiphany,French
epiphenomenon,none
epiphyte,none
episcopacy,none
episcopal,Middle French
Episcopalian,English
episiotomy,Greek
episode,Greek
episodic,none
epistasis,Latin
epistaxis,Latin
epistemic,Greek
epistemology,Scot.
epistle,Old English
epistolary,French
epistrophe,Late Latin
epitaph,French
epithalamium,Latin
epithelium,Modern Latin
epithet,Middle French
epitome,Middle French
epitomise,English
epitomize,none
epizoic,none
epizoon,Greek
epizootic,French
epoch,Medieval Latin
epochal,none
epode,Latin
eponym,Greek
eponymous,none
epoxy,none
epsilon,Greek
Epsom salts,none
Epstein-Barr virus,Irish
ept,none
equability,Latin
equable,Latin
equal,Latin
equal,none
equal,none
equalise,English
equalitarian,none
equalitarianism,none
equality,French
equalization,none
equalize,none
equalizer,none
equally,none
equanimity,French
equanimous,Latin
equate,Latin
equation,French
equator,Medieval Latin
equatorial,none
equerry,Middle French
equestrian,English
equi-,Latin
equiangular,French
equidistant,French
equilateral,Late Latin
equilibrium,Latin
equine,Latin
equinox,French
equip,Middle French
equipage,French
equiparation,Latin
equipment,French
equipoise,none
equitable,French
equity,French
equivalence,French
equivalent,Middle French
equivocal,Late Latin
equivocate,Medieval Latin
equivocation,Greek
equivocator,Late Latin
equus,Latin
er,none
ER,none
era,Late Latin
eradicate,Latin
eradication,Latin
erasable,none
erase,Latin
eraser,American English
Erasmus,Latin
Erastus,Latin
erasure,none
Erato,Greek
erbium,Modern Latin
ere,Old English
Erebus,Latin
Erechtheus,Latin
erect,Latin
erect,Latin
erectile,French
erection,Late Latin
erector,Latin
eremite,Church Latin
Erewhon,none
erg,Greek
erg,French
ergative,Basque
ergo,Latin
ergonomics,Greek
ergophobia,Greek
ergot,French
ergotism,none
Eric,Old Norse
Erica,Modern Latin
Erie,Iroquoian
erigible,Latin
Erin,Old English
Erinys,Greek
Eris,Greek
Eritrea,Italian
Erl-king,Scot.
Ermentrude,Old High German
ermine,French
erne,Old English
Ernest,French
Ernestine,German
erode,French
erogenous,Greek
Eros,Greek
erose,Latin
erosion,Middle French
erosive,Latin
erotic,French
erotica,Greek
eroticism,none
eroticize,none
erotomania,none
erotomaniac,none
err,French
errancy,none
errand,Old English
errant,Anglo-French
errata,none
erratic,French
erratum,Latin
erroneous,French
error,French
errorless,none
ersatz,German
Erse,Scot.
erstwhile,Old English
eructate,Latin
eructation,Latin
erudite,Latin
erudition,Latin
erupt,Latin
eruption,Middle French
eruptive,French
erysipelas,Greek
erythema,Latin
erythro-,Greek
erythro-,Greek
Erzgebirge,German
Esalen,none
Esau,none
escadrille,French
escalade,Middle French
escalate,none
escalation,none
escalator,American English
escalatory,none
escallop,Middle French
escapable,none
escapade,French
escape,Old North French
escape,French
escapee,American English
escapement,French
escapism,American English
escapist,none
escapologist,none
escargot,French
escarole,French
escarp,French
escarpment,French
eschatology,Latin
eschaton,Greek
escheat,Anglo-French
eschew,French
esclavage,French
escort,Middle French
escort,French
escritoire,French
escrow,Anglo-French
escudo,Spanish
esculent,Latin
escutcheon,Old North French
esker,Irish
Eskimo,Danish
Esmerelda,Spanish
esne,Old English
eso-,Greek
esophagus,Greek
esoteric,Greek
esoterica,Latin
ESP,none
espadrille,French
espalier,French
especial,French
especially,none
Esperanto,Polish
espionage,French
esplanade,French
espousal,French
espouse,French
espresso,Italian
esprit,Middle French
espy,French
esquire,Middle French
essay,Middle French
essay,Middle French
essayist,French
essence,French
Essene,Latin
essential,Late Latin
essentialism,none
Essex,Old English
essive,Finnish
establish,French
establishment,none
establishmentarian,none
estaminet,French
estate,Anglo-French
esteem,French
esteem,French
esteemed,none
Estella,Spanish
ester,German
Esth,German
Esther,Persian
esthete,none
esthetic,none
Esthonia,none
estimable,French
estimate,Latin
estimate,Latin
estimation,French
estimator,Latin
estivate,Latin
Estonia,German
estop,Anglo-French
estoppel,French
estrange,Middle French
estrangement,none
estrogen,none
estrus,Latin
estuarine,none
estuary,Latin
esurient,Latin
et al.,Latin
et cetera,Latin
eta,Greek
etagere,French
etaoin shrdlu,none
etc.,none
etcetera,none
etch,Dutch
etching,none
eternal,French
eternity,French
eth,none
Ethan,Hebrew
ethane,none
ethanol,none
Ethel,Old English
Ethelbert,Old English
Etheldred,Old English
Ethelred,Old English
ether,French
ethereal,none
etheric,none
ethernet,none
ethic,French
ethical,none
ethics,Middle English
Ethiop,Latin
Ethiopia,Latin
Ethiopian,none
ethnarch,Latin
ethnic,Late Latin
ethnicity,none
ethno-,Greek
ethnocentric,German
ethnogenesis,none
ethnography,German
ethnology,French
ethology,Latin
ethos,Greek
ethyl,German
ethylene,none
etic,none
etiolate,French
etiology,Late Latin
etiquette,French
Etna,Latin
Eton,Old English
Etruscan,Latin
Etta,none
ettin,Old English
etude,French
etui,French
etymological,none
etymologicon,Latin
etymologist,none
etymologize,French
etymology,French
etymon,Greek
eu-,Greek
eubacteria,German
Euboea,Attic
eucalyptus,Modern Latin
Eucharist,French
euchre,American English
Euclidean,Greek
eudaemonic,Greek
Eudora,Greek
Eugene,French
Eugenia,Latin
eugenics,English
euhemerism,Greek
eukaryotic,French
eulogist,none
eulogize,none
eulogy,Latin
Eumenides,Greek
Eunice,Latin
eunuch,Middle French
eupeptic,Greek
euphemism,Greek
euphemistic,none
euphony,Middle French
euphoria,Latin
euphoric,none
Euphrates,Persian
Euphrosyne,Greek
Euphues,English
Eurafrican,none
Eurasia,none
Eurasian,none
eureka,Greek
Euripus,Greek
Euro,none
Euro-,none
Eurocentric,none
Europe,Latin
European,French
europium,French
eury-,Greek
Eurydice,Greek
eurypterid,Greek
eurythmic,Greek
Eustace,French
Eustachian tube,Italian
Euterpe,Greek
euthanasia,Greek
euthanise,English
euthanize,none
Euxine,Latin
evacuate,Latin
evacuation,French
evacuee,French
evade,Middle French
evagation,French
evaginate,Latin
evaluate,French
evaluation,French
evaluative,none
Evan,Latin
evanesce,Latin
evanescence,none
evanescent,French
evangel,French
evangelical,German
Evangeline,French
evangelism,Medieval Latin
evangelist,French
evangelistic,none
evangelization,none
evangelize,French
evaporate,Late Latin
evaporation,French
evasion,Middle French
evasive,French
eve,Old English
Eve,Late Latin
evection,Late Latin
Evelyn,Old High German
even,Old English
even,Old English
even,Old English
even-handed,none
evening,Old English
evenly,Old English
evenness,Old English
evensong,Old English
event,Middle French
eventful,none
eventide,Old English
eventual,French
eventuality,French
eventually,none
eventuate,American English
eventuation,none
ever,Old English
ever-living,none
ever-loving,none
Everest,Tibetan
Everglades,none
evergreen,none
everlasting,none
evermore,Old English
evert,Latin
every,Old English
everybody,none
everyday,none
everyman,none
everyone,none
everything,none
everywhere,Old English
Evian,Latin
evict,Latin
eviction,Middle French
evidence,French
evidence,none
evident,French
evidently,none
evil,Old English
evil,Old English
evildoer,none
evince,French
eviscerate,Latin
evisceration,none
evitable,Latin
evocation,Latin
evocative,Late Latin
evoke,French
evolution,Latin
evolutionary,none
evolutionist,none
evolve,Latin
ewe,Old English
Ewen,none
ewer,Anglo-French
ewigkeit,German
ex,none
ex cathedra,Latin
ex libris,Latin
ex nihilo,Latin
ex officio,Latin
ex parte,Latin
ex post facto,Medieval Latin
ex-,English
exacerbate,Latin
exacerbation,Late Latin
exact,Latin
exact,Latin
exacta,none
exacting,none
exaction,French
exactitude,French
exactly,none
exactness,none
exaggerate,Latin
exaggeration,Latin
exalt,French
exaltation,French
exam,none
examination,French
examine,French
examiner,none
example,Latin
exanimate,Latin
exarch,Late Latin
exasperate,Latin
exasperation,Late Latin
Excalibur,French
excavate,Latin
excavation,Latin
exceed,French
excel,Latin
excellence,French
excellency,Latin
excellent,French
excelsior,Latin
except,Middle French
exception,Anglo-French
exceptionable,none
exceptional,none
excerpt,Latin
excerpt,Latin
excess,French
excessive,French
exchange,Anglo-French
exchange,French
exchequer,Anglo-French
excise,Middle Dutch
excise,Middle French
excision,Middle French
excitable,Late Latin
excitation,French
excite,French
excited,none
excitement,none
exciting,none
exclaim,Middle French
exclamation,Middle French
exclamatory,Latin
exclude,Latin
exclusion,Latin
exclusionary,none
exclusive,Medieval Latin
exclusivity,none
excommunicate,Late Latin
excommunication,Late Latin
excoriate,Late Latin
excoriation,Medieval Latin
excrement,Latin
excrescence,Latin
excrescent,Latin
excrete,Latin
excretion,French
excretory,none
excruciate,Latin
excruciating,none
exculpate,Medieval Latin
exculpation,none
exculpatory,none
excursion,Latin
excusable,French
excusatory,French
excuse,French
excuse,French
execrable,French
execrate,Latin
execration,Latin
execute,French
execution,Anglo-French
executioner,Old English
executive,Middle French
executor,Anglo-French
exegesis,Greek
exegete,Greek
exemplar,French
exemplary,Middle French
exemplification,Anglo-French
exemplify,Medieval Latin
exempt,French
exempt,Anglo-French
exemption,French
exercise,French
exercise,none
exert,Latin
exertion,none
Exeter,Old English
exeunt,Latin
exfoliate,Late Latin
exfoliation,Latin
exhalation,Latin
exhale,Middle French
exhaust,Latin
exhaust,none
exhausted,none
exhaustion,English
exhaustive,none
exhibit,Latin
exhibit,Latin
exhibition,French
exhibitionist,English
exhibitor,Late Latin
exhilarate,Latin
exhilaration,Late Latin
exhort,French
exhortation,French
exhortatory,Late Latin
exhumation,Medieval Latin
exhume,Medieval Latin
exigence,Middle French
exigency,Middle French
exigent,Latin
exiguous,Latin
exile,French
exile,French
exist,French
existence,French
existent,Latin
existential,Late Latin
existentialism,German
existentialist,French
exit,Latin
exo-,Greek
Exocet,French
Exodus,Old English
exogamy,Modern Latin
exogenous,Modern Latin
exonerate,Latin
exoneration,Late Latin
exorable,Latin
exorbitance,none
exorbitant,Late Latin
exorcise,French
exorcism,Late Latin
exorcist,Late Latin
exoskeleton,English
exoteric,Late Latin
exothermic,French
exotic,Middle French
exoticism,none
expand,Anglo-French
expanse,Latin
expansion,French
expansionist,American English
expansive,Latin
expat,none
expatiate,Latin
expatiation,none
expatriate,French
expatriation,French
expect,Latin
expectancy,Medieval Latin
expectant,French
expectation,Middle French
expectorant,Latin
expectorate,Latin
expectoration,none
expediate,none
expedience,French
expedient,French
expediently,none
expedite,Latin
expedition,French
expeditionary,none
expeditious,Latin
expel,Latin
expellee,none
expend,Latin
expendable,none
expenditure,Medieval Latin
expense,Anglo-French
expense,none
expenses,none
expensive,none
experience,French
experience,none
experienced,none
experiential,Latin
experiment,French
experiment,none
experimental,none
experimentation,none
expert,French
expert,none
expertise,French
experto crede,Latin
expiate,Latin
expiation,Middle French
expiatory,Late Latin
expiration,Middle French
expire,French
expiry,none
explain,Latin
explainable,none
explanation,Latin
explanatory,Late Latin
expletive,Middle French
expletive,Latin
explicable,Latin
explicate,Latin
explication,Middle French
explicative,Latin
explicit,French
explicitly,none
explode,Latin
exploit,French
exploit,French
exploitation,French
exploitative,French
exploration,Middle French
exploratory,Latin
explore,Middle French
explorer,none
explosion,French
explosive,Latin
exponent,Latin
exponential,none
export,Latin
export,none
expose,French
expose,French
exposition,French
expository,Medieval Latin
expostulate,Latin
expostulation,Latin
exposure,none
expound,French
express,French
express,French
express,none
express,none
expression,Middle French
expressionist,none
expressionless,none
expressive,French
expressly,none
expresso,none
expressway,American English
exprobration,Latin
expropriate,Medieval Latin
expropriation,Medieval Latin
expugn,French
expulsion,French
expunction,Latin
expunge,Latin
expurgate,Latin
expurgation,Latin
exquisite,Latin
exsanguinate,Latin
exsert,Latin
extant,Latin
extemporaneous,Medieval Latin
extemporary,none
extempore,Latin
extemporize,none
extend,Anglo-French
extended,none
extender,Middle English
extensible,French
extension,Latin
extensive,Late Latin
extensor,Latin
extent,Anglo-French
extenuate,Latin
extenuation,Latin
exterior,Latin
exterminate,Latin
extermination,Middle French
exterminator,Late Latin
extern,Middle French
external,Middle French
externality,none
externalization,none
externalize,none
extinct,Latin
extinction,Latin
extinguish,Latin
extinguisher,none
extirpate,Latin
extirpation,Latin
extol,Latin
extoll,none
extort,Latin
extortion,Latin
extortionate,none
extortionist,none
extra,none
extra-,Latin
extra-curricular,none
extra-special,none
extract,Latin
extract,Late Latin
extraction,French
extradite,none
extradition,French
extrajudicial,none
extramarital,none
extramural,none
extraneous,Latin
extraordinaire,French
extraordinary,Latin
extrapolate,English
extrapolation,none
extrasensory,none
extraspection,none
extraterrestrial,none
extraterritoriality,none
extravagance,French
extravagant,Medieval Latin
extravaganza,Italian
extravasation,Latin
extraversion,Medieval Latin
extraverted,Latin
extreme,French
extreme,Latin
extremely,none
extremeness,none
extremism,none
extremist,none
extremities,none
extremity,French
extricable,none
extricate,Latin
extrication,none
extrinsic,French
extro-,none
extroversion,Latin
extrovert,German
extrude,Latin
extrusion,none
extrusive,Latin
exuberance,French
exuberant,Middle French
exudation,Late Latin
exude,Latin
exult,Middle French
exultant,Latin
exultation,French
exurb,American English
exuviae,Latin
exuvial,none
eye,Old English
eye,none
eye-candy,none
eye-catching,none
eye-drop,none
eye-liner,none
eye-opener,none
eye-piece,none
eye-service,none
eye-shade,none
eye-shadow,none
eye-shot,none
eye-shot,none
eye-tooth,German
eye-witness,none
eyeball,American English
eyebrow,Old English
eyeful,none
eyehole,none
eyelash,none
eyelet,Middle French
eyelid,none
eyelss,none
eyesight,none
eyesore,Old English
eyewash,French
eyot,Middle English
eyrie,none
Ezekiel,Late Latin
Ezra,Late Latin
-facient,Latin
-faction,Latin
-fest,American English
-fic,French
-fication,Latin
-fid,Latin
-fold,Old English
-form,French
-fuge,Modern Latin
-ful,English
-fy,French
F.F.V.,none
F.M.,none
fa,French
fab,none
Faberge,Russian
Fabian,Latin
fable,French
fabled,French
fablemonger,none
fabric,Middle French
fabricate,Latin
fabrication,Middle French
fabulist,French
fabulous,Latin
facade,French
face,French
face,none
face-card,none
face-lift,none
face-off,none
face-painting,none
face-plate,none
face-value,none
facebook,none
faceless,none
facet,French
facetious,French
facia,none
facial,French
facile,Middle French
facile princeps,Latin
facilis descensus Averni,Latin
facilitate,French
facilitation,none
facilitative,none
facilitator,Latin
facilities,none
facility,Middle French
facing,none
facing,none
facinorous,Latin
facsimile,Latin
fact,Latin
fact-finding,none
faction,Middle French
faction,none
factional,none
factionalism,American English
factious,Middle French
factitious,Latin
factitive,Latin
factoid,none
factor,Middle French
factor,none
factorial,none
factory,Middle French
factotum,Medieval Latin
factual,none
faculties,none
faculty,French
fad,French
faddish,none
faddle,none
fade,French
fade,French
fade-out,none
fader,none
fado,Latin
fadoodle,none
faecal,none
faeces,none
faerie,French
faery,none
fag,none
fag,none
fag,none
fag,none
faggot,French
faggot,American English
Fagin,Twi
fagot,none
fagoting,none
fagus,Latin
Fahrenheit,none
faience,French
fail,French
fail,French
fail-safe,none
failing,none
failure,Anglo-French
fain,Old English
faineant,French
faint,French
faint,Middle English
faint,none
faint-hearted,none
faintish,none
faintly,Middle English
faintness,none
fair,Old English
fair,Anglo-French
fair,Old English
fair-minded,none
fair-spoken,none
fairground,none
fairing,none
fairly,Old English
fairness,Old English
fairway,none
fairy,French
fairy-tale,French
fairyland,none
fait accompli,French
faith,Anglo-French
faith-healer,none
faithful,Church Latin
faithless,none
faitor,Anglo-French
fajita,Spanish
fake,German
fakement,none
faker,none
fakir,Arabic
falafel,English
Falange,Spanish
Falangist,Spanish
Falasha,none
falcate,Latin
falchion,French
falcon,French
falconer,French
falconry,French
falderol,none
fall,Old English
fall,Old English
fallacious,Latin
fallacy,Latin
fallback,none
fallen,none
fallibility,Latin
fallible,Medieval Latin
falling,none
Fallopian,Latin
fallout,none
fallow,Old English
fallow,Old English
false,Old English
falsehood,Old Frisian
falsely,none
falseness,none
falsetto,Italian
falsies,none
falsifiable,French
falsification,Late Latin
falsify,Middle French
falsity,French
Falstaffian,none
falter,Scand
fame,French
famed,French
familial,French
familiar,French
familiarise,English
familiarity,French
familiarization,none
familiarize,French
familiarly,none
family,Latin
family-room,none
famine,French
famish,French
famous,Anglo-French
famously,none
fan,Old English
fan,American English
fan,Old English
fanatic,Latin
fanatical,none
fanaticism,none
fanboy,none
fancied,none
fancier,none
fanciful,none
fancy,none
fancy,none
fancy-free,none
fandangle,none
fandango,Spanish
fandom,none
fane,Old English
fanfare,French
fang,Old English
fangled,none
Fannie Mae,none
fanny,American English
fantabulous,none
fantail,none
fantasia,Italian
fantasise,English
fantasize,none
fantastic,Middle French
fantastical,none
fantasy,French
fantods,none
fantom,none
fanzine,none
fap,none
FAQ,none
faqir,none
far,Old English
far,Old English
far-away,none
far-fetched,none
far-flung,none
far-off,none
far-out,none
far-reaching,none
far-sighted,none
farad,English
farang,Thai
farce,Middle French
farcical,none
fardel,French
fare,Old English
fare,Old English
farewell,Middle English
farina,Latin
farinaceous,Late Latin
farm,French
farm,Anglo-French
farm-hand,none
farm-house,none
farmer,Anglo-French
farming,none
farmland,none
farmstead,none
faro,none
Faroese,none
Farquhar,Gaelic
farrago,Latin
Farrell,Irish
farrier,Middle French
farrow,Old English
Farsi,Persian
fart,Old English
farther,none
farther,Middle English
farthest,none
farthing,Old English
farthingale,Middle French
fartlek,Swedish
fasces,Latin
fascia,Latin
fascicle,Latin
fasciitis,none
fascinate,Middle French
fascinating,none
fascination,Latin
fascine,French
fascinous,Latin
fascism,English
fascist,Italian
fascitis,none
fash,Scot.
fashion,French
fashion,none
fashionable,none
fashionista,none
fashious,French
fast,Old English
fast,Old English
fast,Old English
fast,Old English
fast and loose,none
fasten,Old English
fastener,none
faster,none
fastidious,Latin
fastly,Old English
fastness,Old English
fat,Old English
fat,Dutch
fat,Old English
fat-back,none
Fata Morgana,Anglo-French
fatal,Middle French
fatalism,none
fatalist,none
fatalistic,none
fatality,French
fatally,none
fate,French
fate,none
fated,none
fateful,Latin
father,Old English
father,none
Fathers Day,none
father-in-law,none
fatherhood,none
fatherland,German
fatherless,Old English
fatherly,Old English
fathom,Old English
fathom,Old English
fathomable,none
fathomless,none
fatigue,French
fatigue,French
fatigues,none
Fatimid,Egypt
fatling,none
fatness,Old English
Fatso,none
fatten,none
fattening,none
fatty,none
fatuity,Middle French
fatuous,Latin
fatwa,Arabic
faubourg,Middle French
fauces,Latin
faucet,French
faugh,none
fault,French
fault,Scot.
fault-finding,none
faultless,none
faulty,none
faun,Latin
fauna,Late Latin
faunal,none
Fauntleroy,Anglo-French
Faustian,German
Fauvist,French
faux,French
faux pas,French
fave,none
Favonius,Latin
favor,French
favor,French
favorable,French
favored,none
favorite,Middle French
favoritism,none
favour,English
favourable,English
favous,Latin
fawn,Anglo-French
fawn,Old English
fawney,Irish
fawning,none
fax,none
fay,French
Fay,Middle English
faze,American English
FBI,none
FCC,none
FDA,none
feal,English
feal,Middle English
fealty,French
fear,Middle English
fear,Old English
fearful,none
fearless,none
fearsome,none
feasance,Anglo-French
feasibility,none
feasible,Anglo-French
feasibly,none
feast,French
feast,French
feat,Anglo-French
feather,Old English
feather,Old English
feather-bed,Old English
feather-weight,none
feature,Anglo-French
feature,none
featureless,none
features,none
featurette,none
febicches,none
febrifuge,French
febrile,Medieval Latin
February,Latin
fecal,none
feces,Latin
fecit,Latin
feckless,Scot.
feculent,Middle French
fecund,Latin
fecundity,Latin
fed,none
fed,none
fedayeen,Arabic
federal,French
federalism,American English
federalist,American English
federate,Latin
federation,French
fedora,American English
fee,Middle English
fee-faw-fum,none
feeb,American English
feeble,French
feeble-minded,none
feebleness,none
feebly,none
feed,Old English
feed,none
feedback,none
feeder,none
feeding,Old English
feel,Old English
feel,none
feeler,none
feeling,none
feeling,none
feelings,none
feet,none
feign,Middle English
feint,French
feint,Middle English
feist,Old English
feisty,American English
feldspar,German
fele,Old English
Felicia,Latin
felicide,Latin
felicitate,Late Latin
felicitation,none
felicitous,none
felicity,French
feline,Late Latin
felinity,none
Felix,Latin
fell,Old English
fell,Old English
fell,Old Norse
fell,Old English
fell,Old English
fella,none
fellah,Egypt
fellahin,Arabic
fellate,none
fellatio,Latin
fellation,Latin
feller,none
felloe,Old English
fellow,Old English
fellow-feeling,Latin
fellowship,English
felo-de-se,Latin
felon,French
felonious,none
felony,French
felsic,none
felt,Old English
felt,none
felt,none
fem,none
female,French
femaleness,none
femalist,none
feme covert,French
feminine,French
femininity,none
feminism,French
feminist,French
feminity,French
feminization,none
feminize,Latin
femme,French
femme fatale,French
femoral,Medieval Latin
femur,English
fen,Old English
fence,Middle English
fence,none
fencer,none
fencible,none
fencing,none
fend,Scot.
fender,none
fenestral,French
fenestration,Latin
feng shui,none
Fenian,Irish
fennec,Arabic
fennel,Old English
fenugreek,Old English
fer de lance,French
feral,Middle French
Ferdinand,German
fere,Middle English
Fergus,Gaelic
ferhoodle,German
ferial,French
ferine,Latin
Feringhee,English
fermata,Italian
ferment,French
ferment,Middle French
fermentation,Late Latin
fermium,Italian
fern,Old English
fern-tickles,none
ferocious,Latin
ferocity,French
ferret,French
ferret,French
ferric,Latin
ferrier,none
Ferris wheel,American English
ferrite,Latin
ferro-,Latin
ferromagnetic,none
ferrous,Latin
ferrule,French
ferry,Old English
ferry,Old Norse
fertile,Middle French
fertilisation,English
fertility,Middle French
fertilization,French
fertilize,none
fertilizer,none
ferule,Middle English
fervent,French
fervid,Latin
fervor,French
fervour,English
Fescennine,Latin
fescue,French
fess,American English
fess,French
fest,none
festal,French
fester,French
festival,French
festive,Latin
festivity,French
festoon,French
festschrift,German
festucine,Latin
Festus,Latin
fetal,none
fetch,Middle English
fetch,English
fetch,none
fetching,none
fete,French
fete,none
fetial,Latin
feticide,none
fetid,Latin
fetish,Portuguese
fetishism,none
fetlock,German
fetor,Latin
fetta,Modern Greek
fetter,Old English
fetter,Old English
fettle,Middle English
fettuccine,Italian
fettuccini,none
fetus,Latin
feu de joie,French
feud,English
feud,none
feudal,Medieval Latin
feudalism,none
feuillemorte,French
feuilleton,French
fever,Old English
feverfew,Old English
feverish,Old English
feverous,French
few,Old English
few,none
fewness,Old English
fey,Old English
feyness,none
fez,French
fiance,French
fiancee,French
fianchetto,Italian
fiasco,French
fiat,Latin
fib,none
fib,none
fibber,none
fiber,Medieval Latin
Fibonacci,none
fibre,English
fibril,Modern Latin
fibrillar,none
fibrillate,none
fibrillation,none
fibrin,Latin
fibro-cartilage,none
fibroid,none
fibromyalgia,Latin
fibrosis,Modern Latin
fibrous,Modern Latin
fibula,Latin
fiche,French
fichu,French
fickle,Old English
fictile,Latin
fiction,French
fictional,none
fictionalization,none
fictionalize,none
fictitious,Medieval Latin
fictive,French
ficus,Latin
fiddle,Old English
fiddle,none
fiddle-faddle,none
fiddle-head,none
fiddler,Old English
fiddlestick,none
fideism,Latin
fidelity,Middle French
fidget,Scot.
fidget,none
fidgety,none
fiducial,Latin
fiduciary,Latin
fie,French
fief,French
fiefdom,none
field,Old English
field,Old English
field-book,none
field-day,none
field-glass,none
field-goal,none
field-marshal,French
field-work,none
fielder,none
fielding,none
fieldstone,none
fiend,Old English
fiendish,Old English
fierce,French
fieri facias,Latin
fiery,Middle English
fiesta,Spanish
FIFA,none
fife,German
fifteen,Old English
fifteenth,Old English
fifth,Old English
fifth column,Spanish
fifties,none
fiftieth,Old English
fifty,Old English
fig,French
fig,none
figgy,Cornish
fight,Old English
fight,Old English
fighter,Old English
fighting,none
fighting,Old English
figment,Latin
figurante,French
figurative,French
figure,French
figure,French
figurehead,none
figurine,French
Fiji,none
fike,Middle English
filament,Modern Latin
filbert,Anglo-French
filch,German
filcher,none
file,French
file,Old English
file,French
file,Old English
filet,French
filial,Late Latin
filiation,French
filibuster,French
filibuster,none
filicide,Latin
filigree,French
filing,none
filioque,Latin
filipendulous,Latin
Filipino,Spanish
fill,Old English
fill,Old English
fill-in,none
filler,none
fillet,French
fillet,none
filling,none
filling,none
fillip,none
filly,Old Norse
film,Old English
film,none
film noir,French
film-maker,none
film-strip,none
filmography,none
filmy,none
filter,French
filter,French
filth,Old English
filthy,none
filtrate,Medieval Latin
filtration,French
fimbria,Late Latin
fin,Old English
fin de siecle,French
finagle,American English
final,French
final solution,German
finale,Italian
finalise,English
finalist,none
finality,Middle French
finalize,none
finally,none
finals,none
finance,French
finance,none
finances,French
financial,none
financier,French
finch,Old English
find,Old English
find,none
finder,none
finding,Old English
fine,French
fine,French
fine,none
fine-toothed,none
fine-tune,none
finely,none
fineness,none
finery,none
finesse,Middle French
finesse,none
finger,Old English
finger,Dutch
finger-board,none
finger-nail,none
finger-tip,none
fingering,none
fingering,French
fingerless,none
fingerprint,none
finial,none
finical,none
finicky,Dutch
finis,Latin
finish,French
finish,none
finished,none
finishing,none
finite,Latin
finitude,none
finity,French
fink,German
Finn,Old English
finned,none
Finnish,none
finny,none
fiord,none
fippeny,none
fir,Old Norse
Firbolgs,Old Irish
fire,Old English
fire,Old English
fire-ant,none
fire-damp,none
fire-drill,none
fire-eater,none
fire-engine,none
fire-fight,none
fire-walker,none
firearm,none
fireball,none
firebomb,none
firebrand,none
firebug,none
firecracker,American English
firefighter,none
firefly,none
firelight,Old English
firelock,none
fireman,Old English
fireplace,none
fireplug,none
firepower,none
fireproof,none
fireside,none
firestorm,none
firetrap,none
firewall,none
firewater,American English
firewood,none
fireworks,none
firing,none
firkin,Middle Dutch
firm,French
firm,German
firm,French
firmament,French
firmware,none
firn,German
first,Old English
first,none
first-born,none
first-class,none
first-hand,none
first-rate,none
first-timer,none
firstly,none
firth,Scot.
fiscal,Middle French
fish,Old English
fish,Old English
fish-hook,none
fish-tail,none
fish-tank,none
fisher,Old English
fisherman,none
fishery,none
fishing,Old English
fishmonger,none
fishnet,Old English
fishpond,none
fishwife,none
fishy,none
fisk,English
fissile,Latin
fission,Latin
fissure,French
fist,Old English
fistful,none
fistiana,none
fistic,English
fisticuffs,none
fistula,Latin
fit,none
fit,Scand
fit,Middle English
fit,Middle English
fit,Old English
fitful,none
fitness,none
fitter,none
fitting,none
fitting,none
fitz,Anglo-French
five,Old English
fivefold,Old English
fiver,none
fix,French
fix,American English
fixable,none
fixate,none
fixation,Medieval Latin
fixative,none
fixed,none
fixer,none
fixings,American English
fixity,none
fixture,Latin
fizgig,Middle English
fizz,none
fizzle,Middle English
fizzy,none
fjord,Old Norse
flab,none
flabbergast,none
flabbergasted,none
flabby,none
flaccid,French
flack,none
flag,German
flag,Middle English
flag,Old Norse
flag,Scand
flag,American English
flagellant,Latin
flagellate,Latin
flagellate,none
flagellation,French
flagellum,Latin
flageolet,French
flagitious,French
flagman,none
flagon,Middle French
flagpole,none
flagrance,French
flagrant,Latin
flagship,none
flagstaff,none
flagstone,none
Flaherty,Irish
flail,Old English
flail,none
flair,French
flak,German
flake,Old English
flake,none
flaky,American English
flam,none
flambe,French
flambeau,French
flamboyance,none
flamboyant,French
flame,Middle English
flame,Middle English
flame-thrower,German
flamen,Latin
flamenco,Spanish
flamer,none
flaming,none
flamingo,Portuguese
flammable,Latin
flan,French
Flanders,Dutch
flaneur,French
flange,French
flank,Old English
flank,none
flanker,none
flannel,Middle English
flap,none
flap,none
flapdoodle,none
flapjack,none
flapper,English
flare,Scand
flare,none
flare-up,none
flash,Middle English
flash,none
flash,French
flash,none
flash-point,none
flashback,none
flasher,none
flashing,none
flashing,none
flashlight,American English
flashy,none
flask,Medieval Latin
flat,Old Norse
flat,Scot.
flat,none
flat,none
flat-boat,none
flat-car,none
flat-footed,none
flat-iron,none
flat-top,none
flatfish,none
flatland,none
flatline,none
flatly,none
flatness,none
flats,Middle English
flatten,none
flatter,French
flatterer,none
flattering,none
flattery,French
flatulence,French
flatulent,Middle French
flatus,Latin
flatware,none
flaunt,Scand
flaunt,none
flautist,Italian
Flavian,Flavius,Latin
flavor,French
flavor,none
flavorful,none
flavoring,Middle English
flavorless,none
flavour,English
flaw,Middle English
flaw,none
flawless,none
flax,Old English
flaxen,none
flaxseed,none
flay,Old English
flea,Old English
flea,none
flea market,none
flea-bite,none
fleabane,Old English
fleam,Old English
fleck,Old Norse
fleck,German
fled,none
fledge,Old English
fledged,none
fledgling,none
flee,Old English
fleece,none
fleece,Old English
fleecy,none
fleer,Scand
fleer,none
fleet,Old English
fleet,Old Norse
fleet,Old English
fleeting,Old English
Fleming,Old English
Flemish,Old Frisian
flense,Danish
flesh,Old English
flesh,none
fleshless,none
fleshly,Old English
fleshpot,Egypt
fleshy,none
fletch,none
fletcher,French
fletcherism,none
fleur-de-lis,Anglo-French
fleuret,French
fleuron,French
flew,none
flex,none
flexibility,French
flexible,Middle French
flexion,Latin
flexography,none
flexor,Modern Latin
flextime,German
flexuous,Latin
flexure,Latin
flibbertigibbet,none
flick,none
flick,none
flicker,none
flicker,Old English
flicker,American English
flier,none
flight,Old English
flight,Old English
flightless,none
flighty,none
flim-flam,Scand
flimsy,none
flinch,Middle English
flinders,Scot.
fling,Old Norse
fling,Scot.
flint,Old English
flint-lock,none
flintstone,none
flinty,none
flip,American English
flip,none
flip,none
flip,none
flip-flop,none
flip-top,none
flippancy,none
flippant,Middle English
flipper,none
flirt,East Frisian
flirt,English
flirtation,Latin
flirtatious,none
flirty,none
flit,Old Norse
flitch,Middle English
flite,Old English
flitter,English
flitty,none
flivver,none
float,Old English
float,Middle English
floatation,none
floater,none
floc,none
floccinaucinihilipilification,Latin
flocculate,Modern Latin
flocculation,none
flocculent,Latin
flock,Old English
flock,German
flock,none
floe,Old Norse
flog,Latin
flogging,none
flood,Old English
flood,none
flood-gate,none
flood-plain,none
flood-tide,none
floodlight,none
floor,English
floor,Old English
flooring,none
floozie,none
flop,none
flop,none
flophouse,none
floppy,none
flora,Latin
floral,French
Florence,Latin
Florentine,Italian
florescence,Modern Latin
florescent,Latin
floret,French
floricide,Latin
floriculture,Latin
florid,French
Florida,Spanish
florin,French
florist,French
floruit,Latin
florulent,Latin
floss,French
flossy,none
flotation,French
flotilla,Spanish
flotsam,Anglo-French
flounce,Scand
flounce,Middle English
flounder,Dutch
flounder,Anglo-French
flour,French
flour,none
flourish,French
flourish,none
flourishing,none
flout,Middle English
flow,Old English
flow,none
flower,French
flower,none
flower-pot,none
flowery,none
flown,Middle English
Floyd,none
flu,English
flub,American English
fluctuant,Latin
fluctuate,Latin
fluctuation,French
flue,Middle English
fluency,none
fluent,Latin
fluff,Flemish
fluff,none
fluffy,none
flugelhorn,German
fluid,Middle French
fluid,none
fluidity,French
fluke,Low German
fluke,none
fluke,Old English
fluky,none
flume,French
flummery,none
flummox,none
flung,none
flunk,American English
flunky,Scot.
fluonomist,none
fluor,Latin
fluoresce,none
fluorescence,English
fluorescent,none
fluoridate,none
fluoridation,none
fluoride,none
fluorine,English
fluoro-,none
fluorocarbon,none
fluoroscopy,none
flurry,American English
flurry,none
flush,French
flush,none
flush,Middle French
flush,none
flush,none
Flushing,English
fluster,Scand
flustrated,none
flute,French
flute,none
fluted,none
flutist,French
flutter,Old English
fluvial,Latin
flux,French
fly,Old English
fly,Old English
fly,Old English
fly,none
fly-by-night,none
fly-over,none
fly-swatter,Latin
flyer,none
flying,Old English
Flynn,Irish
flypaper,none
flyte,Old English
flyway,none
flywheel,none
focsle,none
foal,Old English
foal,none
foam,Middle English
foam,Old English
foamy,Old English
fob,Low German
fob,French
focaccia,Italian
focal,Modern Latin
foci,none
focus,Latin
focus,none
fodder,Old English
foe,Old English
foe-man,Old English
foetal,none
foetid,none
foetus,none
fog,none
fog,Scand
fog,Scand
fog-horn,none
Fogarty,Old Irish
fogey,Scot.
foggy,Scand
foible,French
foie-gras,French
foil,French
foil,French
foil,none
foist,Dutch
Fokker,German
fold,Old English
fold,Old English
fold,Middle Dutch
fold-out,none
folder,none
foliage,Middle French
foliate,Medieval Latin
foliate,Medieval Latin
foliation,Latin
folic,Latin
folio,Late Latin
folium,none
folk,Old English
folk-etymology,none
folk-music,Danish
folkie,none
folklore,German
folkloric,none
folklorist,none
folks,Middle English
folksy,none
folkways,none
folky,Old English
follicle,Latin
follies,French
follow,Middle English
follow-through,none
follow-up,none
follower,Old English
following,Old English
folly,Middle English
Fomalhaut,Arabic
foment,French
fomentation,Late Latin
Fomorian,Irish
fond,Middle English
fondant,French
fondle,none
fondly,none
fondness,none
fondue,French
font,Old English
font,Middle French
fontanelle,French
food,Middle English
foodie,none
foodoholic,none
foodstuff,none
fool,French
fool,none
fool,none
fool,French
fool-proof,American English
foolery,none
foolhardy,French
fooling,none
foolish,Middle English
foolishness,none
foolocracy,none
foolscap,none
foosball,German
foot,Old English
foot,Old English
foot-board,none
foot-bridge,none
foot-dragging,none
foot-hill,American English
foot-hills,none
foot-locker,none
foot-path,none
foot-race,none
foot-rail,none
foot-rest,none
foot-soldier,none
foot-sore,none
footage,none
football,Scot.
footer,none
footfall,none
foothold,none
footing,none
footle,French
footless,none
footlights,none
footloose,none
footman,none
footnote,none
footpad,Middle Dutch
footprint,Old English
footsie,none
footstep,none
footstool,Old English
fop,German
foppery,none
foppish,none
for,Old English
for-,Old English
forage,Anglo-Latin
forage,Middle French
forager,French
foramen,Latin
Foraminifera,Modern Latin
foraminous,Late Latin
forasmuch,none
foray,Scot.
forb,Greek
forbade,none
forbear,Old English
forbearance,none
Forbes,Scot.
forbid,Old English
forbidding,none
forbore,none
force,French
force,French
force majeure,French
force-feed,none
forced,none
forceful,none
forcemeat,none
forceps,Latin
forcible,French
ford,none
ford,Old English
fordable,none
fordo,Old English
fore,Old English
fore,Middle English
fore-,Middle English
fore-and-aft,none
fore-brain,none
fore-deck,none
fore-mentioned,Old English
fore-ordain,Latin
fore-ordained,none
forearm,none
forearm,none
forebear,Scot.
forebode,Old English
foreboding,Old English
forecast,none
forecast,Middle English
forecaster,none
forecasting,none
forecastle,Anglo-French
foreclose,French
foreclosure,none
forefather,Old Norse
forefend,none
forefinger,none
forefront,German
forego,Old English
foregoing,none
foreground,English
forehand,none
forehead,Middle English
foreign,French
foreigner,American English
foreknowledge,Old English
foreleg,none
forelock,Old English
foreman,Dutch
foremast,none
foremost,Middle English
forename,Latin
forenoon,none
forensic,Latin
forepart,none
foreplay,German
forerunner,Middle English
foresee,Old English
foreseeable,none
foreshadow,Old English
foreshorten,none
foresight,Latin
foreskin,Latin
forest,French
forest,none
forestall,Anglo-French
forester,French
forestry,French
foretaste,none
foretell,none
forethought,Old English
foretime,none
forever,none
forewarn,none
foreword,German
forfeit,French
forfeit,Anglo-French
forfeiture,French
forfend,none
forgat,none
forgave,none
forge,French
forge,none
forge,French
forger,Middle English
forgery,none
forget,Old English
forget-me-not,French
forgetful,Middle English
forgettable,German
forgivable,none
forgive,Old English
forgiveness,Old English
forgiving,none
forgo,Old English
forgotten,none
fork,Old English
fork,none
forked,American English
forkful,none
forklift,none
forlorn,Old English
form,French
form,French
formable,Late Latin
formal,French
formaldehyde,German
formalism,none
formalistic,none
formality,Middle French
formalize,none
formally,none
format,none
format,French
formation,French
formative,Middle French
former,Old English
former,Latin
formerly,Middle English
formic,Latin
Formica,none
Formica,Latin
formicant,Latin
formicary,Medieval Latin
formication,Latin
formidable,Middle French
formless,none
Formosa,Portuguese
formula,Latin
formulae,none
formulaic,none
formular,Latin
formulary,French
formulate,none
formulation,none
Fornax,Latin
fornicate,Late Latin
fornication,French
fornicator,Late Latin
fornix,Latin
forsake,Old English
forsaken,none
forsook,none
forsooth,Old English
forswear,Old English
forsworn,Old English
forsythia,Modern Latin
fort,French
Fort Sumter,French
forte,French
forte,Italian
forth,Old English
forthcoming,Middle English
forthright,Old English
forthwith,Old English
forties,none
fortieth,Old English
fortification,French
fortify,French
fortissimo,Italian
fortitude,Middle French
fortitudinous,Latin
fortnight,Middle English
Fortran,none
fortress,French
fortuitous,Latin
fortuity,none
fortunate,Latin
fortunately,none
fortune,French
fortune cookie,none
fortune-teller,none
forty,Old English
forum,Latin
forward,Old English
forward,none
forward,Old English
forwardness,Old English
forwards,English
fosse,French
fossil,French
fossiliferous,none
fossilization,none
fossilize,none
foster,Old English
fosterage,none
fought,Old English
foul,Old English
foul,Old English
foul-mouthed,none
foully,Old English
foulmart,Middle English
foulness,Old English
found,French
found,French
found,none
foundation,French
foundational,none
founder,French
founder,Anglo-French
founder,none
foundling,Middle English
foundry,French
fount,Middle French
fountain,French
fountainhead,none
four,Old English
four-corners,none
four-door,none
four-eyes,none
four-flusher,none
four-footed,Old English
four-poster,none
four-square,none
four-wheeled,Old English
fourchette,French
fourfold,Old English
Fourierism,French
fourscore,none
foursome,none
fourteen,Old English
fourteenth,Old English
fourth,Old English
fourth estate,English
fovea,Latin
fowl,Old English
fowl,Old English
fowler,Old English
fox,Old English
Fox,Algonquian
fox,Old English
fox-fire,none
fox-hole,Old English
fox-hunting,none
fox-trot,none
foxglove,Old English
foxhound,none
foxy,Middle English
foy,Scot.
foyer,French
fra,Scot.
fracas,French
fracking,none
fractal,French
fraction,Anglo-French
fractional,none
fractious,none
fracture,Middle French
fracture,none
frag,none
fragile,Middle French
fragility,French
fragment,Latin
fragment,none
fragmentary,none
fragmentation,none
fragrance,French
fragrant,Latin
fraidy-cat,American English
frail,French
frailty,French
fraktur,German
framboise,French
frame,Old English
frame,Scand
frame,American English
framework,none
franc,French
franc-tireur,French
France,Old English
Frances,French
franchise,French
franchise,French
Francis,French
Franciscan,Medieval Latin
francium,French
Franco-,French
Francophile,French
Francophone,French
frangible,French
frangipani,French
Franglais,French
frank,French
Frank,German
frank,American English
frank,French
Frankenstein,German
frankfurter,American English
frankincense,French
Frankish,West Germanic
Franklin,Middle English
frankly,none
frankness,none
frantic,Middle English
frap,French
frappe,American English
frass,German
frat,none
fraternal,French
fraternally,none
fraternise,English
fraternity,French
fraternization,French
fraternize,French
fratricidal,none
fratricide,Latin
frau,German
fraud,Anglo-Latin
fraudster,none
fraudulence,Middle French
fraudulent,French
frauendienst,German
fraught,Middle English
fraulein,German
fray,Anglo-Latin
fray,French
frayed,none
frazzle,Middle English
frazzle,American English
freak,Middle English
freak,none
freak,Scot.
freak-out,none
freakish,none
freaky,none
freckle,Old Norse
freckle,none
Freddie Mac,none
Frederick,French
free,Old English
free,Old English
free verse,English
free-born,Old English
free-fall,none
free-for-all,American English
free-hand,none
free-handed,none
free-lance,Scot.
free-liver,none
free-range,none
free-soil,none
free-spirited,none
free-spoken,none
free-standing,none
free-thinker,none
free-wheeling,none
freebase,none
freebie,none
freebooter,Dutch
freedman,none
freedom,Old English
freehold,Anglo-French
freeholder,none
freelance,none
freeloader,none
freely,Middle English
freeman,Old English
freemason,French
freemasonry,none
freeness,none
freer,Old English
freer,none
freestyle,none
freeway,none
freeze,Middle English
freeze,none
freeze-dried,none
freezer,none
freight,Middle Dutch
freight,Middle English
freightage,none
freighter,American English
fremd,English
French,French
french,French
French,Old English
French fries,American English
Frenchify,French
frenetic,French
frenum,Latin
frenzied,none
frenzy,French
frenzy,none
Freon,none
frequence,French
frequency,Latin
frequent,French
frequent,French
frequentative,French
frequently,none
fresco,Italian
fresh,Old English
fresh,German
fresh-water,none
freshen,none
freshet,Old English
freshman,none
freshness,none
fret,Old English
fret,French
fret,French
fretful,none
fretless,none
fretwork,none
Freudian,none
Frey,Old Norse
Freya,Old Norse
friable,Middle French
friar,French
friary,Middle French
fricassee,Middle French
fricative,Modern Latin
fricking,none
friction,Middle French
Friday,Old English
fridge,English
fried,none
Friedrich,none
friend,Old English
friend,English
friendless,Old English
friendly,Old English
friendship,Old English
frieze,Middle French
frieze,French
frig,none
frigate,Middle French
Frigg,German
frigging,none
fright,Middle English
fright,Middle English
frighten,none
frightening,none
frightful,Middle English
frigid,Latin
frigidity,Middle French
frigorific,French
frijoles,Spanish
frill,none
frill,none
frillery,none
frills,none
frilly,none
fringe,French
fringe,none
frippery,Middle French
Frisbee,English
Frisco,none
friseur,French
Frisian,Old English
frisk,Middle English
frisky,Middle English
frisson,French
frist,Old English
frit,Italian
fritillary,Latin
frittata,Italian
fritter,French
fritter,French
Fritz,German
frivolity,French
frivolous,Latin
frizz,French
frizzle,Old English
frizzy,none
fro,English
Frobelian,English
frock,French
frog,Old English
frog,Portuguese
frog-march,none
froggy,none
froggy,French
frogman,none
frolic,Middle Dutch
frolicsome,none
from,Old English
fromage,French
fromward,Old English
frond,Latin
Fronde,French
frons,Latin
front,French
front,Middle French
front,none
front-line,none
front-runner,American English
frontage,none
frontal,Modern Latin
frontier,French
frontiersman,American English
frontispiece,Middle French
frontlet,French
frore,Old English
frosh,German
frost,Old English
frost,none
frost-bite,none
frostbitten,none
frosted,none
frosting,none
frosty,Old English
froth,Old English
frothy,none
frottage,French
frou-frou,French
frounce,French
frow,Dutch
froward,Old English
frown,French
frown,none
frowsty,French
frowzy,none
frozen,none
fructify,French
fructose,English
frug,Twi
frugal,Middle French
frugality,Middle French
frugivorous,Latin
fruit,French
fruitcake,none
fruitful,none
fruition,French
fruitless,none
fruity,none
frumbierdling,Old English
frumentaceous,Late Latin
frumious,none
frump,none
frumpy,Middle Dutch
frustrate,Latin
frustrated,none
frustration,Latin
frustum,Latin
fry,French
fry,Anglo-Latin
fryer,none
frying-pan,none
fubar,none
fubsy,none
fuchsia,English
fuck,English
fuck,none
fucker,none
fucking,none
fucus,Latin
fud,Scot.
fuddle,Low German
fuddy-duddy,American English
fudge,French
fudge,German
fudge,American English
fuel,French
fuel,none
fug,none
fugacious,Latin
fugal,none
fugitive,French
fugitive,French
fugleman,German
fugly,none
fugue,Italian
Fuhrer,German
Fuji,Japanese
Fulah,Fulani
Fulbright,none
fulcrum,Latin
fulfil,none
fulfill,Old English
fulfillment,none
fulgent,Latin
full,Old English
full,French
full,Old English
full-blown,Old English
full-circle,none
full-fledged,none
full-grown,none
full-length,none
full-time,none
fullback,none
fuller,Old English
fulling,none
fullness,Latin
fully,Old English
fulminant,French
fulminate,Latin
fulmination,Middle French
fulness,none
fulsome,Middle English
fumble,Old Norse
fumble,none
fumbling,none
fume,French
fume,French
fumigate,none
fumigation,Latin
fuming,Latin
fun,Middle English
fun,none
fun,none
fun-loving,none
funambulist,Latin
function,Middle French
function,none
functional,Medieval Latin
functionalism,none
functionary,French
functionless,none
fund,French
fund,none
fund-raiser,none
fundament,French
fundamental,Late Latin
fundamentalism,none
fundamentalist,American English
fundamentally,none
funded,none
funding,none
fundus,Latin
funebrial,Latin
funeral,none
funeral,Medieval Latin
funerary,Late Latin
funereal,Latin
funest,Middle French
fungal,Modern Latin
fungi,Latin
fungible,Medieval Latin
fungicide,none
fungiform,none
fungivorous,none
fungo,Scot.
fungous,Latin
fungus,Latin
funicular,Latin
funipendulous,Latin
funk,Scot.
funk,French
funky,none
funnel,Middle French
funnel,none
funnies,none
funnily,none
funniment,none
funning,none
funny,none
fur,French
fur,French
furbelow,French
furbish,French
furcate,Medieval Latin
furcation,Medieval Latin
furious,French
furiously,none
furl,Middle French
furlong,Old English
furlough,Dutch
furlough,none
furnace,French
furnish,French
furnished,none
furnishings,none
furniture,Middle French
furor,Middle French
furore,Italian
furrier,Anglo-French
furrow,Middle English
furrow,Old English
furry,none
further,Old English
further,Old English
further,Old English
furtherance,none
furthermore,Middle English
furthest,none
furtive,Middle French
furtively,none
furuncle,Latin
fury,French
furze,English
fuscous,Latin
fuse,none
fuse,Italian
fusee,French
fuselage,French
fusible,Medieval Latin
fusiform,Latin
fusil,French
fusilier,French
fusillade,French
fusion,Middle French
fuss,Danish
fuss,none
fussbudget,none
fussy,none
fustian,French
fustigate,Latin
fusty,French
futhorc,German
futile,Middle French
futility,French
futon,Japanese
future,French
future,Latin
futures,none
futurism,Italian
futuristic,none
futurity,none
futurology,none
futz,American English
fuze,none
fuzz,American English
fuzz,none
fuzzy,German
fylfot,none
-gamous,Greek
-gamy,Greek
-gate,none
-gen,French
-genesis,Greek
-genic,none
-genous,Latin
-geny,French
-gon,Greek
-gram,Greek
-gramme,none
-graph,Greek
-graphy,French
G,none
g spot,German
G-man,Irish
G-string,none
G.A.R.,French
G.I.,American English
gab,Scot.
gab,Scand
gabardine,none
gabble,none
gabble,none
gabbro,German
gabby,Scot.
Gabe,none
gaberdine,Spanish
gabfest,American English
gable,French
Gabriel,Hebrew
gad,Middle English
gad,Old Norse
gadabout,none
Gadarene swine,none
gadfly,Latin
gadget,French
Gadhelic,Irish
gadolinium,Finnish
gadzooks,none
Gaea,none
Gael,Scot.
Gaelic,English
gaff,French
gaff,Old English
gaff,none
gaffe,French
gaffer,none
gag,Old Norse
gag,none
gag,American English
gaga,French
gage,French
gage,French
gaggle,Old Norse
Gaia,Greek
gaiety,French
Gail,Hebrew
gaily,Middle English
gain,Middle French
gain,Middle French
gainer,none
gainful,none
gainly,none
gainsay,Old English
gainst,none
gait,Scand
gaiter,French
gal,none
gala,French
galactic,Late Latin
galacto-,Greek
Galapagos,Spanish
Galatians,Greek
galavant,none
galaxy,French
Galbraith,Gaelic
gale,Old Norse
Galen,Greek
galena,Latin
Galicia,Lithuanian
Galilee,Latin
gall,Old English
gall,Old English
gall,Old English
gall,Latin
gall-bladder,none
Gallagher,Irish
gallant,none
gallant,French
gallantly,none
gallantry,French
galleon,French
galleria,Italian
gallery,French
galley,French
galley-slave,none
galleywest,American English
Gallic,French
Gallicism,French
gallimaufry,French
gallinaceous,Latin
galling,none
gallinicide,Latin
gallinivorous,Latin
galliot,French
gallipot,French
gallium,French
gallivant,none
Gallo-Roman,Vulgar Latin
Gallomania,none
gallon,English
gallop,French
gallop,none
gallow,none
Galloway,Scot.
gallows,Middle English
gallstone,none
Gallup poll,none
galoot,Spanish
galore,Irish
galosh,none
galoshes,French
galumph,none
galvanic,French
galvanise,English
galvanism,French
galvanization,French
galvanize,French
galvanized,none
galvanometer,none
gam,none
Gamaliel,Greek
Gambia,Portuguese
gambit,Italian
gamble,Middle English
gamble,none
gambler,none
gambling,none
gamboge,Modern Latin
gambol,Middle French
gambol,Middle French
gambrel,Old North French
game,Middle English
game,Old English
game,Old North French
game,Middle English
game-cock,none
gamekeeper,none
gamelan,none
gamely,Old English
gamer,none
gamete,German
gamey,none
gamin,French
gamine,French
gaming,none
gamma,Greek
gammadion,Greek
gammer,none
gammon,Old North French
gams,Middle English
gamut,Medieval Latin
gamy,none
ganch,French
gander,none
gander,Old English
gandy dancer,American English
gang,none
gang,Old English
Gang of Four,none
gang-bang,none
gang-plank,American English
gangbusters,none
Ganges,Sanskrit
gangland,none
ganglia,Latin
gangling,Scot.
ganglion,Greek
gangly,American English
gangrene,Latin
gangrenous,French
gangsta,none
gangster,American English
gangway,Old English
ganja,none
gank,none
gannet,Old English
gantlet,Swedish
gantry,Old North French
Ganymede,Greek
gaol,none
gaoler,English
gap,Old Norse
gap,none
gap-toothed,Middle English
gape,Old English
gaper,none
gaping,none
gappy,none
gar,American English
garage,none
garage,French
garage,none
Garamond,French
garb,Middle French
garb,none
garbage,Anglo-French
garbanzo,Spanish
garble,Anglo-French
garble,none
garbled,none
Garbo,Swedish
garcon,French
garden,Old North French
garden,none
gardener,Old North French
gardenia,Modern Latin
gardening,none
garderobe,French
gare,French
garfish,none
gargantuan,Spanish
gargle,Middle French
gargle,none
gargoyle,French
Garibaldi,none
garish,Middle English
garland,Anglo-Latin
garland,none
garlic,Middle English
garlicky,none
garment,French
garner,none
garner,French
garnet,French
garnish,Middle English
garnish,none
garnishee,none
garnishment,none
garret,French
Garrett,none
garrison,none
garrison,French
garrot,French
garrote,none
garrote,Spanish
garrulity,Middle French
garrulous,Latin
garter,Old North French
garter,none
garth,English
Gary,Old Norse
gas,Dutch
gas,none
gas,American English
gas-guzzler,American English
gas-house,none
gas-light,none
gas-mask,none
Gascon,Middle French
gasconade,French
gaselier,none
gaseous,none
gash,Middle English
gash,Middle English
gasket,French
gasohol,none
gasoline,Latin
gasometer,none
gasp,none
gasp,Old Norse
gassy,none
gast,Middle Dutch
gastrectomy,none
gastric,Modern Latin
gastritis,Latin
gastro-,Greek
gastro-enteritis,none
gastro-enterology,Greek
gastro-intestinal,none
gastrocnemius,Latin
gastrolator,Greek
gastrolith,German
gastrology,none
gastronome,French
gastronomic,French
gastronomy,French
gastropod,Modern Latin
gastrula,Modern Latin
gat,none
gate,Old English
gate,none
gate-house,none
gate-keeper,none
gateau,French
gateway,none
gather,Old English
gather,none
gatherer,none
gathering,Old English
Gatling gun,none
gator,none
GATT,none
gau,German
gauche,French
gaucherie,French
gaucho,Spanish
gaud,Medieval Latin
gaudery,none
gaudily,none
gaudiness,none
gaudy,English
gauge,Anglo-French
gauge,Old North French
Gaul,French
Gaulish,none
gaunt,Middle French
gauntlet,French
gauntlet,none
gauss,German
Gautama,Sanskrit
gauze,French
gauzy,none
gavage,French
gave,none
gavel,American English
gavotte,French
gawk,American English
gawky,Anglo-French
gawp,none
gay,French
gay,Middle English
gaydar,none
gayety,none
Gaylord,French
Gaza,Arabic
gaze,Scand
gaze,none
gazebo,Latin
gazelle,French
gazette,French
gazette,none
gazetteer,none
gazillion,none
gear,Old Norse
gear,Old Norse
gear,none
gecko,Malay
gee,Scot.
Geechee,none
geek,Dutch
geeky,none
geese,none
geezer,none
gefilte fish,German
gehenna,Church Latin
Geiger counter,German
geisha,Japanese
geist,German
gel,Scot.
gel,none
gelatin,none
gelatine,French
gelatinous,French
gelato,Italian
geld,Medieval Latin
geld,Old Norse
gelding,Old Norse
gelid,Latin
geloscopy,Greek
gelt,German
gelt,none
gem,French
gem,none
gematria,Hebrew
gemeinschaft,German
geminate,Latin
gemination,Latin
Gemini,Old English
gemmologist,Latin
gemstone,Old English
gendarme,French
gender,French
gender,French
gene,German
genealogical,French
genealogist,none
genealogy,French
genera,none
generable,Latin
general,French
general,Middle French
generalisation,English
generalissimo,Italian
generalist,none
generality,French
generalization,none
generalize,Middle English
generally,none
generalship,none
generate,Latin
generation,French
generative,none
generator,Latin
generic,English
generosity,Latin
generous,Middle French
genesis,Old English
genet,French
genetic,Greek
geneticist,none
genetics,English
Geneva,Latin
geneva,Dutch
Genevieve,French
genial,Latin
geniality,Late Latin
geniculate,Latin
genie,French
genii,Latin
genital,Latin
genitalia,Modern Latin
genitals,none
genitival,none
genitive,French
genius,Latin
Genoa,Italian
genocidal,none
genocide,Polish
genome,German
genotype,German
genre,French
Genro,Japanese
gens,Latin
gent,none
genteel,Middle French
gentian,French
gentile,Late Latin
gentility,French
gentle,French
gentleman,Greek
gentlemanly,none
gentleness,none
gentlewoman,none
gently,none
gentrification,none
gentrify,none
gentry,French
genuflect,none
genuflection,Middle French
genuflexion,none
genuine,Latin
genus,Latin
geo-,Greek
geocentric,none
geochronology,French
geode,Greek
geodesic,none
geodesy,Modern Latin
geodetic,none
geoduck,none
Geoffrey,French
geographer,Greek
geographic,Middle French
geographical,Late Latin
geography,Middle French
geolatry,none
geologic,none
geological,none
geologist,none
geology,Modern Latin
geomancer,none
geomancy,French
geometer,Latin
geometric,Greek
geometrical,Latin
geometry,French
geomorphology,none
geophagy,Greek
geophysical,none
geophysics,none
geopolitical,Swedish
Geordie,Scot.
George,French
Georgia,Arabic
Georgian,none
georgic,Latin
geosphere,none
geosyncline,none
geothermal,none
geotropism,German
Gerald,French
Geraldine,none
geranium,Latin
Gerard,French
geratology,Greek
gerbera,Modern Latin
gerbil,French
geriatric,English
geriatrics,none
germ,Middle French
german,French
German,German
German,German
germane,Latin
Germanic,German
germanium,Modern Latin
Germany,Latin
germicide,none
germinal,Modern Latin
germinate,French
germination,Latin
germy,none
Geronimo,Italian
gerontocracy,Latin
gerontologist,none
gerontology,English
gerrymander,American English
Gertrude,French
gerund,Late Latin
gerundive,Latin
Gervais,French
gesellschaft,German
gesso,Italian
gest,French
Gestalt,German
Gestapo,German
gestate,none
gestation,Latin
gestational,none
gesticulate,Latin
gesticulation,Latin
gesticulator,Latin
gestural,none
gesture,Medieval Latin
gesture,none
gesundheit,German
get,Old Norse
get,none
get along,none
get back,none
get off,none
get on,none
get over,none
get-away,none
get-out,none
get-rich-quick,American English
get-together,none
get-up,none
Gethsemane,Greek
gettable,none
Gettysburg,none
gewgaw,French
gey,Scot.
geyser,Old Norse
Ghana,none
ghastly,Old English
ghat,Sanskrit
ghawazee,Egypt
ghazi,Arabic
Ghent,Indo-European
gherkin,Dutch
ghetto,Italian
Ghibelline,Italian
ghost,Old English
ghost,none
ghostly,Old English
ghoul,English
ghoulish,none
giant,French
giantess,none
giaour,Turk
Gib,none
gib,none
gibber,none
gibberish,none
gibbet,French
gibbet,none
gibbon,French
gibbous,Late Latin
gibe,Middle French
giblet,none
giblets,French
Gibraltar,English
Gibson girl,none
giclee,French
giddily,none
giddiness,none
giddy,Old English
giddy-up,none
Gideon,Hebrew
gif,none
gift,Scand
gift,none
gift-wrap,none
gifted,none
gig,Middle English
gig,none
giga-,Greek
gigabyte,none
gigantic,Latin
gigantism,Latin
gigaton,none
giggle,none
giglot,none
gigolo,French
gila monster,American English
Gilbert,French
gild,Old English
gilded,Old English
gilding,none
Gilead,Aramaic
Giles,French
gill,Scand
gill,French
Gill,none
Gillian,French
gillyflower,French
gilt,Middle English
gimbal,French
gimcrack,Middle English
gimlet,Anglo-French
gimme,Middle English
gimmick,American English
gimmickry,none
gimmicky,none
gimp,none
gimp,French
gimpy,none
gin,Dutch
gin,American English
gin,none
gin,none
ginger,Old English
gingerbread,French
gingerly,French
gingham,Dutch
gingival,Latin
gingivitis,Latin
gink,American English
ginkgo,Japanese
Ginnie Mae,none
ginormous,none
ginseng,none
Gioconda,Italian
gip,none
Gipsy,Egypt
giraffe,Italian
girandole,French
girasole,Italian
gird,Old English
girder,none
girdle,Old English
girdle,none
girl,Old English
girlfriend,none
girlhood,none
girlie,none
girlish,none
girly,none
girly,Irish
Girondist,none
girt,none
girth,Old Norse
gist,Anglo-French
git,Scot.
Gitano,Spanish
gittern,French
give,Old English
give,Middle English
give-and-take,none
give-away,none
given,Middle English
giver,Old English
Giza,Egypt
gizmo,none
gizzard,French
glabella,Modern Latin
glabrous,Latin
glace,French
glacial,French
glaciate,Latin
glaciation,Latin
glacier,French
glaciology,Latin
glacis,French
glad,Old English
glad hand,none
gladden,Old English
glade,Middle English
gladiator,Latin
gladiatorial,Latin
gladiolus,Latin
gladly,Old English
gladness,Old English
gladsome,none
Gladys,Latin
Glagolitic,Serbo-Croatian
glair,French
glaive,Middle English
glam,none
glamor,none
glamorize,none
glamorous,none
glamour,Scot.
glamour,none
glance,none
glance,French
gland,French
glanders,French
glandular,French
glans,Latin
glare,Middle Dutch
glare,Old English
glaring,none
Glasgow,Scot.
glasnost,Russian
glass,Old English
glass,none
glass,Old English
glass-blower,none
glasses,none
glassful,Old English
glassware,none
glassy,none
Glastonbury,Old English
glaucoma,Latin
glaucous,Latin
glaze,Middle English
glaze,none
glazier,French
gleam,Old English
gleam,none
glean,English
gleaner,none
gleaning,none
glebe,French
glee,Old English
gleeful,none
gleek,French
gleen,Scand
gleet,French
glen,Scot.
glib,Low German
glide,Old English
glide,none
glider,none
glim,none
glimmer,Middle Dutch
glimmer,none
glimpse,Old English
glimpse,none
glint,none
glint,Scot.
glioma,Latin
glissade,French
glissando,Italian
glisten,Old English
glistening,none
glister,Low German
glitch,American English
glitter,Old English
glitter,none
glitterati,none
glitz,none
glitzy,German
gloam,Old English
gloaming,Old English
gloat,Scand
glob,none
global,French
global warming,none
globalisation,English
globalise,English
globalism,none
globalization,none
globalize,none
globally,none
globate,Latin
globe,Middle French
globe-trotter,none
globose,Latin
globular,French
globule,French
glockenspiel,German
glom,American English
glomeration,Latin
gloom,Scot.
gloomy,none
glop,none
gloria,Medieval Latin
Gloria,none
glorification,Late Latin
glorified,none
glorify,French
glorious,Anglo-French
glory,French
glory,French
glory hole,Scot.
gloss,Scand
gloss,Late Latin
gloss,Medieval Latin
glossalgia,Latin
glossary,Latin
glossator,Medieval Latin
glosso-,Greek
glossocomium,Latin
glossolalia,German
glossy,none
glottal,none
glottis,Greek
glotto-,Attic
glottochronology,none
Gloucester,English
glove,Old English
glove,Old English
glow,Old English
glow,none
glow-worm,none
glower,Scand
glucagon,Greek
gluco-,Greek
glucose,French
glue,French
glue,French
glue-pot,none
gluey,none
glug,Middle English
glum,Middle English
glut,French
glut,none
glutamate,none
gluteal,none
gluten,Middle French
gluteus,Modern Latin
glutin,French
glutinous,Latin
glutton,French
gluttonous,none
gluttony,French
glycemia,none
glycemic,none
glyceride,none
glycerin,French
glycerine,none
glycerol,none
glyco-,Latin
glycogen,French
glycogenic,none
glycolysis,none
glyph,French
glyptodon,Greek
gn-,Old English
gnarl,none
gnarled,Middle English
gnarly,none
gnash,Middle English
gnat,Old English
gnathic,Greek
gnatho-,Greek
gnaw,Old English
gneiss,German
gnocchi,Italian
gnome,French
gnome,Greek
gnomic,French
gnomish,none
gnomist,none
gnomon,Latin
gnosis,Greek
Gnostic,Late Latin
gnostic,Greek
Gnosticism,none
GNP,none
gnu,Dutch
go,Old English
go,none
go,none
go down,English
go for,American English
go off,none
go on,none
go out,none
go over,none
go south,American English
go through,none
go together,none
go west,none
go-ahead,American English
go-between,none
go-by,none
go-cart,none
go-getter,American English
go-go,none
go-it-alone,American English
go-round,none
go-to-meeting,none
Goa,Portuguese
goad,Old English
goad,none
goal,Old English
goal-post,none
goalie,none
goalless,none
goat,Old English
goatee,none
goatherd,Old English
goatish,none
goatskin,none
goaty,none
gob,none
gob,Irish
gobbet,French
gobble,none
gobble,none
gobbledygook,American English
gobbler,none
Gobi,none
goblet,French
goblin,French
gobo,American English
gobsmacked,none
goby,Latin
god,Old English
god-awful,none
god-damn,English
god-daughter,Old English
God-fearing,Old English
godchild,Old English
goddess,Old English
goddot,none
godfather,Old English
godforsaken,none
Godfrey,French
godhead,Middle English
Godism,none
Godiva,none
godless,Dutch
godlike,Middle English
godliness,none
godly,Middle English
godmother,Old English
godparent,none
godsend,Middle English
godson,Old English
godspeed,Middle English
Godward,none
goer,none
goes,Old English
gofer,American English
gofer,French
goggle,Middle English
goggle-eyed,none
goggles,none
Goidelic,Irish
going,Old English
going-over,none
goiter,French
goitre,none
gold,Old English
gold,none
gold-brick,none
gold-digger,none
gold-dust,none
gold-leaf,none
gold-mine,none
goldarn,American English
golden,Middle English
goldenrod,none
goldfinch,Old English
goldfish,none
Goldilocks,none
goldsmith,Old English
Goldwynism,American English
golem,Hebrew
golf,Scot.
golf,none
golfer,none
Golgotha,Latin
goliath,Late Latin
golliwog,English
golly,none
Gomorrah,Hebrew
gonad,Modern Latin
Gondal,none
gondola,Italian
gondolier,French
Gondwana,Sanskrit
gone,none
goner,American English
gonfalon,Middle English
gong,Malay
goniometer,Greek
gonna,Scot.
gono-,Greek
gonoph,German
gonorrhea,Late Latin
gony,none
gonzo,American English
goo,American English
goo-goo,none
goober,American English
good,Old English
good,Old English
good den,none
Good Friday,Middle English
good morning,none
good will,Old English
good-bye,none
good-day,none
good-for-nothing,none
good-humored,none
good-looking,none
good-natured,none
good-neighbor,English
good-night,none
good-time,Middle English
goodly,Old English
goodman,Old English
goodness,Old English
goods,Old English
goodwife,none
goody,none
goody,none
gooey,American English
goof,American English
goof,none
goofball,none
goofiness,none
goofy,none
google,none
googly,none
googol,none
gook,none
goombah,Italian
goon,German
goose,Old English
goose,none
goose-step,none
gooseberry,French
goosebumps,none
GOP,none
gopher,American English
Gordian knot,Greek
gore,Old English
gore,Old English
gore,Middle English
gorge,French
gorge,French
gorgeous,Middle French
gorgeously,none
gorget,French
gorgon,Greek
gorgonzola,none
gorilla,Greek
gorm,none
gormless,Old Norse
gorse,Old English
gory,none
gosh,none
goshawk,Old English
Goshen,Egypt
gosling,Old Norse
gospel,Old English
gospelize,Old English
gospeller,Old English
gossamer,Old English
gossip,Old English
gossip,none
gossipy,none
got,none
gotcha,none
Goth,Old English
Gotham,English
Gothic,German
gotta,none
gotten,Old English
Gotterdammerung,German
gouache,French
Gouda,none
Goudy,none
gouge,French
gouge,American English
goulash,Hung
gourami,Malay
gourd,Anglo-French
gourmand,Middle French
gourmandize,none
gourmet,French
gout,French
gouty,none
govern,French
governable,none
governance,French
governess,French
government,French
governmental,Middle English
governmentalism,French
governor,French
gow,Cantonese
gowk,Old Norse
gown,French
goy,Hebrew
goyim,none
grab,Middle Dutch
grab,none
grab-bag,none
grabble,Dutch
grabby,none
Grace,none
grace,French
grace,French
graceful,none
graceless,none
gracile,Latin
gracious,French
graciously,none
graciousness,none
grackle,Modern Latin
grad,none
gradate,none
gradation,Middle French
gradational,none
grade,French
grade,none
grader,none
Gradgrind,none
gradient,American English
gradual,Medieval Latin
gradualism,none
gradually,none
graduand,Medieval Latin
graduate,Medieval Latin
graduate,Medieval Latin
graduation,none
Gradus ad Parnassum,Latin
Grady,Irish
Graeco-,Latin
graffiti,Italian
graffito,none
graft,Middle English
graft,American English
graft,none
Graham,Anglo-French
grail,French
grain,French
grained,none
grainy,Middle English
grallatorial,Latin
gram,French
gramary,French
gramercy,French
gramineous,Latin
graminivorous,Latin
grammar,Latin
grammarian,Latin
grammatical,Middle French
grammatist,French
grammatolatry,German
Grammy,none
gramophile,none
gramophone,German
gramp,none
grampus,Middle English
gran,none
gran,Italian
Granada,Spanish
granary,Latin
grand,Anglo-French
grand,American English
grand mal,French
Grand Marnier,French
Grand Old Party,none
grand prix,French
grand-,Anglo-French
grand-daughter,none
grandad,none
grandame,Anglo-French
grandchild,none
grandee,Spanish
grandeur,Middle French
grandfather,French
grandfatherly,none
grandiloquence,Latin
grandiloquent,none
grandiose,French
grandiosity,French
grandly,none
grandma,none
grandmaster,none
grandmother,French
grandmotherly,none
grandness,none
grandpa,none
grandparent,none
grandsire,Anglo-French
grandson,none
grandstand,none
grange,Anglo-French
granger,French
granite,French
granitic,none
granny,none
granola,American English
grant,Anglo-French
grant,French
grantee,none
grantor,Anglo-French
granular,Late Latin
granulate,none
granulation,Late Latin
granule,French
granuloma,Latin
granulose,German
grape,French
grapefruit,none
grapeshot,English
grapevine,none
graph,none
grapheme,none
graphic,Latin
graphics,none
graphite,German
graphology,French
graphomania,Greek
grapnel,Anglo-French
grappa,Italian
grapple,French
grapple,none
grappler,none
graptolite,Modern Latin
grasp,Old English
grasp,none
grasping,none
grass,Old English
grass roots,none
grass widow,German
grasshopper,Old English
grassland,none
grassy,none
grate,Anglo-Latin
grate,French
grateful,Latin
Grateful Dead,Egypt
grater,French
gratification,Middle French
gratify,Latin
gratin,French
grating,none
grating,none
gratis,Latin
gratitude,Middle French
gratuitous,Latin
gratuitously,none
gratuity,French
gratulate,Latin
gratulation,Latin
gravamen,Late Latin
grave,Old English
grave,Middle French
grave,Old English
grave-digger,none
gravel,French
gravelly,none
gravely,none
graven,none
Gravenstein,German
graver,Old English
Gravesdisease,Irish
gravestone,German
graveyard,none
gravid,Latin
gravigrade,French
gravimeter,French
gravitas,Latin
gravitate,Latin
gravitation,Latin
gravitational,none
gravity,French
gravure,none
gravy,Anglo-French
gray,Old English
gray,none
gray,none
graybeard,Middle English
grayling,none
graywacke,German
graze,Old English
graze,German
grazier,none
grease,Anglo-French
grease,American English
greaser,American English
greasy,none
great,Old English
Great Britain,English
great-,French
great-aunt,none
great-grandfather,none
great-grandmother,none
great-hearted,none
great-uncle,none
greatcoat,none
greater,Old English
greatest,none
greatly,Middle Dutch
greatness,Old English
greave,French
greaves,none
grebe,French
Grecian,French
Greco-,none
Greece,Latin
greed,none
greedily,Old English
greediness,Old English
greedy,Old English
Greek,Old English
Greek,Greek
green,Old English
green,Old English
green,Old English
greenback,none
greenery,none
greengage,English
greengrocer,none
greenhead,none
greenhorn,none
greenhouse,none
greenish,none
Greenland,Old Norse
greenness,Old English
greens,German
Greenwich,Old English
greet,Old English
greeter,none
greeting,Old English
gregarious,Latin
Gregorian,Late Latin
Gregory,Scot.
gremlin,Old English
Grenada,Spanish
grenade,Middle French
grenadier,French
grenadine,French
Grepo,German
Greta,none
Gretchen,German
Gretna Green,Scot.
grew,Old English
grey,none
greyhound,Old English
grid,none
griddle,Anglo-French
gridiron,none
gridlock,none
grief,French
grievance,French
grieve,French
griever,none
grieving,none
grievous,Anglo-French
grievously,none
grievousness,none
griffin,French
Griffith,Latin
griffon,none
grift,none
grifter,none
grill,French
grill,none
grille,French
grim,Old English
grim,none
grimace,French
grimace,French
grimalkin,none
grime,Middle English
grimly,Old English
grimness,Old English
grimoire,French
grimy,none
grin,none
grin,Old English
Grinch,none
grind,Old English
grind,American English
grinder,Old English
grinding,none
grindstone,none
gringo,Mexican Spanish
griot,French
grip,Old English
grip,Old English
gripe,Old English
gripe,none
grippe,French
gripping,none
grisaille,French
Griselda,Italian
grisly,Old English
grist,Old English
gristle,Old English
gristmill,none
grit,Old English
grit,none
grits,Old English
gritty,none
grizzle,French
grizzled,French
grizzly,none
groan,Old English
groan,none
groaner,none
groaning,Old English
groat,Middle Dutch
groats,Old English
grocer,Anglo-French
groceries,none
grocery,French
grody,none
grog,Carib
groggy,none
grogram,Middle French
groin,Middle English
grok,none
grommet,French
groom,German
groom,Old English
groom,none
groomsman,none
groove,Scand
groove,none
groovy,American English
grope,Old English
grosbeak,French
groschen,German
gross,French
gross,French
gross,none
grossly,none
grossness,none
grot,French
grotesque,Middle French
grotto,Italian
grotty,Middle English
grouch,none
grouchy,none
ground,none
ground,Old English
ground,none
ground floor,none
ground zero,none
groundbreaking,none
grounded,none
grounder,none
groundhog,American English
groundless,Old English
groundling,Old English
grounds,none
groundswell,none
groundwater,none
groundwork,Middle Dutch
group,French
group,none
grouper,Portuguese
groupie,none
groupthink,none
grouse,Latin
grouse,French
grout,Old English
grove,Old English
grovel,Middle English
grow,Old English
grow up,none
grower,none
growing,Old English
growing,none
growl,Middle English
growler,American English
grown,none
growse,none
growth,Old Norse
groyne,French
grub,Old English
grub,Middle English
grubber,none
grubby,none
grubelsucht,German
grubstake,American English
grubstreet,none
grudge,none
gruel,French
gruelling,none
gruesome,Middle English
gruff,Middle Dutch
gruffly,none
grumble,Middle French
grumble,none
grump,Danish
grumpy,none
grundel,Old English
grundyism,none
grunge,American English
grungy,American English
grunion,American Spanish
grunt,Old English
grunt,none
gruntle,none
grutch,French
Gruyere,Latin
gryphon,none
gu-,English
guacamole,American Spanish
Guadalcanal,Spanish
Guam,none
guanine,none
guano,Spanish
guarantee,Spanish
guarantee,none
guarantor,Latin
guaranty,French
guard,Middle French
guard,French
guarded,none
guardian,Anglo-French
guardianship,none
Guatemala,none
guava,Spanish
gubber-tushed,none
gubernatorial,American English
gudgeon,Middle French
gudgeon,French
Guelph,Italian
guerdon,French
guerilla,French
Guernsey,Old Norse
guerrilla,Spanish
guess,Scand
guess,none
guesstimate,none
guesswork,none
guest,Old English
guest star,none
guestroom,none
guff,none
guffaw,Scot.
Guggenheim,German
guidance,none
guide,French
guide,French
guideline,none
guidepost,none
Guido,Italian
guidon,Middle French
guild,Old Norse
guilder,Dutch
guile,French
guileful,none
guileless,none
guillotine,French
guilt,Old English
guilt,Old English
guiltiness,none
guiltless,Old English
guilty,Old English
guinea,Italian
guinea pig,none
Guinevere,none
Guinness,Irish
guise,French
guiser,none
guitar,Greek
guitarist,none
gulag,Russian
gulch,American English
gules,French
gulf,French
gull,Cornish
gull,Middle English
Gullah,none
gullet,French
gullibility,none
gullible,none
Gulliver,French
gully,Middle English
gulp,Flemish
gulp,Flemish
gum,French
gum,Old English
gum,none
gumbo,French
gummy,none
gump,none
gumption,Scot.
gumshoe,none
gun,Middle English
gun,none
gun moll,Hebrew
gun-metal,none
gun-shy,none
gunboat,none
gung ho,American English
gunk,American English
gunman,American English
gunnel,Cornish
gunner,none
gunnery,none
gunny,Sanskrit
gunplay,none
gunpowder,none
gunsel,American English
gunshot,none
gunsmith,none
Gunther,Old High German
gunwale,none
guppy,none
Gupta,none
gurges,Latin
gurgitation,Late Latin
gurgle,Latin
Gurkha,Sanskrit
gurnard,French
gurney,none
guru,Sanskrit
gush,English
gusher,none
gushy,none
gusset,French
gussy,American English
gust,Old Norse
gustation,Latin
gustatory,Latin
Gustavus,Latin
gusto,Italian
gusty,none
gut,Old English
gut,none
gut-bucket,none
gutless,none
guts,none
gutsy,none
gutta-percha,Malay
gutter,Anglo-French
gutter,none
guttersnipe,none
guttural,Middle French
guv,none
guy,French
guy,American English
Guyana,none
guyot,none
guzzle,French
guzzler,none
Gwen,none
Gwendolyn,Breton
gybe,none
gym,none
gymkhana,English
gymnasium,Latin
gymnast,Greek
gymnastic,Latin
gymnastics,none
gymno-,Greek
gymnosophist,Greek
gymnosperm,French
gynarchy,Greek
gyneco-,Latin
gynecological,none
gynecologist,none
gynecology,French
gynecomastia,Greek
gyno-,none
gyp,American English
Gypsophila,Modern Latin
gypsum,Latin
Gypsy,Middle English
gyrate,none
gyration,Late Latin
gyre,Latin
gyre,French
gyrfalcon,French
gyro,Modern Greek
gyro-,Greek
gyromancy,Medieval Latin
gyroscope,French
gyroscopic,none
gyrostat,none
gyrostatics,none
gyrus,Latin
-handed,none
-head,Middle English
-hood,Old English
H,French
ha,Latin
ha-ha,Old English
Habanera,none
habeas corpus,Latin
haberdasher,Anglo-French
haberdashery,Anglo-French
habiliment,Middle French
habit,French
habit,French
habitable,French
habitant,French
habitat,Latin
habitation,French
habitual,Medieval Latin
habitually,none
habituate,Latin
habituation,Medieval Latin
habitude,French
habitue,French
hacienda,Spanish
hack,Old English
hack,none
hack,none
hack,Danish
hack,none
hackamore,American English
hacker,none
hackle,Old English
Hackney,Old English
hackneyed,none
hacksaw,Old Norse
had,none
haddock,French
hade,Old English
Hades,Greek
hadith,Arabic
hadnt,none
hadron,Greek
hadrosaur,Modern Latin
hae,Scot.
haematite,none
haemoglobin,none
haemorrhage,none
haff,German
hafnium,Modern Latin
haft,Old English
hag,Old English
hag-ridden,none
haggadah,Hebrew
haggaday,none
haggard,Middle French
hagged,none
haggis,Scot.
haggle,none
hagiarchy,none
hagiography,Greek
hagiolatry,none
hagiology,Greek
Hague,Dutch
hah,none
haiku,Japanese
hail,Old Norse
hail,Old English
hail,Latin
hail,Old English
hailstone,Old English
hailstorm,none
hair,Old English
hair-raising,none
hair-shirt,none
hair-splitting,none
hair-trigger,none
hairball,none
hairbreadth,none
hairbrush,none
haircloth,none
haircut,none
hairdo,none
hairdresser,none
hairless,none
hairline,none
hairpin,American English
hairstyle,none
hairy,none
Haiti,none
hajj,Arabic
hake,Old English
hakeem,Arabic
Hakenkreuz,German
halal,Arabic
halberd,Middle French
halcyon,Latin
hale,Old English
hale,Middle English
half,Old English
half seas over,none
half-,none
half-and-half,none
half-assed,none
half-baked,none
half-breed,none
half-hearted,English
half-hour,none
half-life,none
half-mast,none
half-time,none
half-track,none
half-truth,none
half-wit,Middle English
halfling,none
halfpenny,Old English
halfway,Old English
hali-,Greek
halibut,Dutch
halide,none
halieutic,Latin
Halifax,Old English
halite,Modern Latin
halitosis,Latin
hall,Old English
hallelujah,Hebrew
hallmark,none
hallo,French
hallow,Old English
Halloween,Scot.
hallows,Old English
Hallstatt,German
hallucinate,Latin
hallucination,Latin
hallucinatory,Latin
hallucinogen,none
hallucinogenic,none
hallux,Modern Latin
hallway,American English
halo,Latin
halo-,Greek
halogen,Swedish
halt,French
halt,Old English
halt,Old English
halter,Old English
halting,none
halve,none
halyard,Middle English
ham,Old English
ham,American English
hamadryad,Greek
hamartia,Greek
hamartiology,Greek
hambone,none
Hamburg,German
hamburger,German
Hamiltonian,none
Hamite,none
Hamitic,Egypt
hamlet,French
hammer,Old English
hammer,none
hammerhead,none
hammock,Spanish
Hammond,none
hamper,Middle English
hamper,Anglo-French
hamper,French
Hampshire,Old English
hamster,German
hamstring,none
Han,none
hand,Old English
hand,none
hand job,none
hand of glory,French
hand-basket,none
hand-car,none
hand-grenade,none
hand-made,none
hand-me-down,none
hand-out,none
hand-spike,none
hand-written,none
handbag,none
handball,none
handbell,Old English
handbill,none
handbook,Old English
handcraft,Old English
handcuff,Old English
handfast,Old English
handful,Old English
handgrip,Old English
handgun,none
handhold,none
handicap,none
handicap,none
handicapped,none
handicraft,Old English
handily,none
handiwork,Old English
handkerchief,none
handle,Old English
handle,Middle English
handlebar,none
handler,none
handling,Old English
handmaid,Old English
hands-off,none
hands-on,none
handshake,none
handsome,none
handsomely,none
handwriting,Latin
handy,none
handyman,none
hang,American English
hang,Old English
hang in,none
hang on,none
hang out,none
hang up,none
hang-dog,none
hang-glider,none
hangar,French
hanged,none
hanger,none
hanging,none
hangman,none
hangnail,Old English
hangover,none
hank,Scand
hanker,Flemish
hankering,none
hanky-panky,none
Hannah,Hebrew
Hannibal,Hebrew
Hanoi,French
Hans,German
Hansa,none
Hanseatic,German
hansom,English
Hanukkah,none
hap,Old Norse
hap,none
hapax legomenon,Greek
haphazard,none
hapless,none
haplo-,Greek
haplography,none
haploid,German
haplology,none
haply,none
happen,Old English
happening,none
happenstance,none
happify,none
happily,none
happiness,none
happy,Old English
happy hour,none
happy-go-lucky,none
Hapsburg,German
haptic,Greek
haptics,none
hara-kiri,Japanese
haram,none
harangue,Scot.
harangue,French
harass,French
harassment,none
harbinger,Middle English
harbor,Old English
harbor,Old English
harbour,English
hard,Old English
hard hat,none
hard on,none
hard-bitten,none
hard-boiled,none
hard-headed,none
hard-hearted,Middle English
hard-line,none
hard-nosed,none
hard-wired,none
hard-working,none
hardback,none
hardball,none
hardcore,none
harden,Old English
hardener,none
hardly,Old English
hardness,Old English
hardscrabble,none
hardship,none
hardtack,none
hardware,none
hardwood,none
hardy,French
hare,Old English
hare,none
Hare Krishna,none
hare-brained,none
harem,Turk
hark,Old English
harken,none
Harleian,Latin
Harlem,Dutch
Harlemite,none
harlequin,Middle French
Harley,none
harlot,French
harlotry,none
harm,Old English
harm,Old English
harmful,none
harmless,none
harmonic,Latin
harmonica,Latin
harmonics,none
harmonious,French
harmonium,French
harmonization,none
harmonize,French
harmony,French
harness,French
harness,French
Harold,Old Norse
harp,Old English
harp,Old English
harper,Old English
harpist,none
harpoon,none
harpoon,French
harpsichord,French
harpy,French
harridan,French
harrier,Middle English
Harriet,English
Harris,Gaelic
harrow,Old English
harrow,none
harrowing,none
harrumph,none
harry,Old English
Harry,Middle English
harsh,Scand
harshly,none
harshness,none
hart,Old English
hartebeest,Afrikaans
hartshorn,Old English
harum-scarum,none
haruspex,Latin
Harvard,Old English
harvest,Old English
harvest,none
harvester,none
Harvey,Breton
has,none
hasenpfeffer,German
hash,French
hash,none
hash,none
hashish,Arabic
Hasidic,none
Hasidim,Hebrew
hasp,Old English
hassle,American English
hassle,none
hassock,Old English
hast,none
hasta la vista,Spanish
hasta luego,Spanish
haste,French
haste,French
hasten,none
hastily,none
Hastings,Old English
hasty,French
hat,Old English
hat trick,none
hatch,Middle English
hatch,Old English
hatch,French
hatchback,none
hatchery,none
hatchet,French
hatchling,none
hatchway,none
hate,Old English
hate,Old English
hateful,none
hater,none
hath,none
Hathor,Egypt
hatless,none
hatred,Old English
hatter,none
hauberk,French
haught,French
haughtiness,none
haughty,Middle English
haul,Middle English
haul,none
haulage,none
hauler,none
haunch,French
haunch-bone,none
haunt,French
haunt,Middle English
haunts,none
haut cuisine,French
hautboy,French
haute,French
hauteur,French
Havana,Spanish
have,Old English
have-not,none
haven,Old English
haver,English
haver,none
haversack,French
havoc,Anglo-French
haw,Old English
haw,none
Hawaii,Hawaiian
hawk,Old English
hawk,Middle Low German
hawk,none
hawk,none
hawker,Old English
hawkish,none
hawkshaw,English
hawse,Old English
hawser,Anglo-French
hawthorn,Old English
hay,Old English
hay fever,none
hayloft,none
haymaker,none
hayrick,none
hayseed,none
haystack,none
Hayward,Old English
haywire,American English
hazard,French
hazard,Middle French
hazardous,Middle French
haze,American English
haze,English
hazel,Old English
hazelnut,Old English
hazing,none
hazmat,none
hazy,German
he,Old English
he-he,Old English
he-man,none
head,Old English
head,Old English
head,Old English
head over heels,Middle English
head shop,none
head-hunter,none
head-on,none
head-shrinker,none
headache,Old English
headband,none
headbanger,none
headbutt,none
headdress,none
header,none
heading,none
headland,Old English
headless,Old English
headlight,none
headline,none
headliner,none
headlong,none
headman,Old English
headmaster,none
headphone,none
headquarters,none
headroom,none
heads-up,none
headsman,none
headstone,none
headstrong,Old English
headwaters,none
headway,Old English
heady,none
heal,Old English
heal-all,none
healer,Old English
healing,Old English
health,Old English
healthcare,none
healthful,none
healthily,none
healthy,none
heap,Old English
heap,Old English
hear,Old English
heard,Old English
hearer,none
hearing,none
hearken,Old English
hearkening,Old English
hearsay,none
hearse,Anglo-Latin
heart,Old English
heart-rending,none
heart-throb,none
heartache,Old English
heartbeat,none
heartbreak,none
heartbreaker,none
heartbroken,none
heartburn,none
hearted,none
hearten,none
heartfelt,none
heartful,none
hearth,Old English
heartily,none
heartland,English
heartless,Old English
heartsick,Old English
heartstrings,none
heartwarming,none
hearty,none
heat,Old English
heat,Old English
heated,none
heater,none
heath,Old English
heathen,Old English
heathenish,Old English
heathenism,Old English
heather,Old English
heave,Old English
heave,none
heaven,Old English
heavenly,Old English
heavens,none
heavily,Old English
heaviness,Old English
heavy,Old English
heavy,none
heavy-duty,none
heavy-handed,none
heavyweight,none
hebdomadal,Latin
hebdomadally,none
Hebe,Greek
Hebe,Hebrew
hebephrenia,Modern Latin
hebetude,Latin
Hebraic,French
Hebraism,Hebrew
Hebrew,Old English
Hebrides,none
Hecate,Greek
hecatomb,Greek
heck,none
heckle,Middle Dutch
heckle,Old English
heckler,none
hectare,French
hectic,French
hector,Greek
hector,none
Hecuba,Greek
hedge,Old English
hedge,none
hedgehog,Old English
hedgerow,Old English
hedonism,Greek
hedonist,Greek
hedonistic,none
Hedwig,German
hee-haw,French
heebie-jeebies,none
heed,Old English
heed,none
heedful,none
heedless,none
heel,Old English
heel,Old English
heel,none
heel,none
heel-tap,none
heeled,American English
heeler,none
heft,none
heft,none
hefty,none
Hegelian,German
hegemon,Greek
hegemonic,Latin
hegemonism,none
hegemonist,none
hegemony,Greek
hegira,Medieval Latin
heh,none
heifer,Old English
heigh-ho,none
height,Old English
heighten,none
heighth,none
Heimlich maneuver,none
Heinie,German
heinie,none
heinous,French
heir,Anglo-French
heiress,none
heirless,none
heirloom,none
Heisenberg,German
heist,American English
held,Old English
Helen,French
Helena,Latin
heliacal,Greek
helical,Latin
Helicon,Greek
helicopter,French
helio-,Greek
heliocentric,none
heliograph,none
heliotrope,French
heliotropism,none
heliport,none
helium,Greek
helix,Latin
hell,Old English
Hells Angels,none
Hells Kitchen,none
hell-fired,none
hell-raiser,none
hellacious,none
hellbender,none
hellbent,none
hellcat,none
hellebore,French
Hellenic,Greek
Hellenism,Greek
Hellenistic,Greek
heller,German
hellfire,Old English
hellhole,none
hellhound,Old English
hellion,American English
hellish,Old English
hello,Old High German
helluva,none
helm,Old English
helm,Old English
helmet,Old English
helmsman,none
helot,Greek
help,Old English
help,Old English
helper,Old English
helpful,none
helping,none
helpless,Middle English
helpmate,Latin
helpmeet,none
helter-skelter,none
helve,Old English
Helvetian,Medieval Latin
hem,Old English
hem,none
hem,none
hematite,Middle French
hemato-,Greek
hematoma,none
hemi-,Greek
hemidemisemiquaver,none
hemisphere,Latin
hemispheric,none
hemistich,Middle French
hemline,none
hemlock,Old English
hemo-,French
hemoglobin,Greek
hemophilia,German
hemophiliac,French
hemophobia,none
hemorrhage,Latin
hemorrhage,none
hemorrhoids,French
hemp,Old English
hempen,none
hemstitch,none
hen,Old English
hen-house,none
hence,Old English
henceforth,Old English
henceforward,none
henchman,Old English
hendeca-,Latin
hendiadys,Medieval Latin
henge,none
Henley,Old English
henna,Arabic
Hennessey,Irish
henotheism,Greek
henpecked,none
Henrietta,French
Henry,French
heortology,Greek
hep,none
hep,German
hepar,Medieval Latin
heparin,Greek
hepatic,French
hepatitis,Greek
Hephaestus,Greek
Hephzibah,Hebrew
Hepplewhite,none
hepta-,Greek
heptagon,Middle French
her,Old English
her,Old English
Hera,Greek
Heracles,none
herald,Anglo-Latin
herald,none
heraldic,French
heraldry,French
herb,French
herbaceous,Latin
herbage,French
herbal,Latin
herbalist,none
Herbert,French
herbicide,none
herbivore,Modern Latin
herbivorous,Modern Latin
Herculean,none
Hercules,Latin
Hercynian,German
herd,Old English
herd,none
herdsman,Old English
here,Old English
hereabout,none
hereafter,Old English
hereby,Dutch
hereditable,none
hereditament,Medieval Latin
hereditary,Latin
hereditism,none
heredity,Middle French
Herefordshire,Old English
herein,Old English
hereof,Old English
hereon,Old English
heresiarch,Church Latin
heresy,French
heretic,French
heretical,Middle French
hereto,none
heretofore,Old English
hereunder,none
hereunto,none
hereupon,Old English
herewith,Old English
heriot,Old English
heritable,French
heritage,French
Herman,German
hermaphrodism,French
hermaphrodite,Latin
hermaphroditic,none
hermeneutic,Greek
hermeneutical,none
hermeneutics,none
Hermes,Greek
hermetic,Latin
hermetically,none
Hermione,Greek
hermit,French
hermitage,French
hernia,Latin
hernial,Medieval Latin
herniation,none
hero,Latin
hero,Greek
heroic,Latin
heroics,none
heroin,German
heroine,Latin
heroism,French
heron,French
herpes,Latin
herpetic,Greek
herpetology,French
Herr,German
herring,Old English
herringbone,none
hers,English
herself,Old English
Hertfordshire,Old English
Hertz,German
Herzegovina,Serb.
hesitance,Latin
hesitancy,Latin
hesitant,Latin
hesitate,Latin
hesitation,French
hesitative,none
Hesperus,Latin
Hessian,German
hessonite,French
hest,Old English
Hestia,Greek
het,none
hetaera,Medieval Latin
hetero-,Greek
heterodox,Greek
heterodoxy,Greek
heterogeneity,Medieval Latin
heterogeneous,Medieval Latin
heterogenous,none
heterography,English
heteromorphic,Greek
heteronomy,Greek
heteronym,none
heterophemy,Greek
heterosexist,none
heterosexual,none
heterosexuality,none
heterotroph,Greek
heterozygous,none
hetman,Polish
heuristic,Greek
heuristics,none
hew,Old English
hewer,none
hewn,none
hex,American English
hexa-,Greek
hexadecimal,none
hexagon,Latin
hexagonal,none
hexagram,none
hexameter,Latin
hexane,Greek
hexapod,Greek
hey,Middle English
heyday,English
Hezbollah,Persian
Hezekiah,Hebrew
hi,American English
hi-de-hi,none
hi-fi,none
hiatal,none
hiatus,Latin
hibachi,Japanese
hibernacle,Latin
hibernal,Latin
hibernate,none
hibernation,Latin
Hibernia,Irish
Hibernian,none
hibiscus,Latin
hic,none
hic et nunc,Latin
hic jacet,Latin
hiccough,none
hiccup,French
hiccup,none
hiccups,Old English
hick,none
hickey,none
hickie,none
hickory,American English
hickscorner,none
Hicksite,none
hid,none
hidage,Anglo-Latin
hidalgo,Spanish
hidden,Middle English
hiddenness,none
hide,Old English
hide,Old English
hide,Old English
hideaway,none
hidebound,none
hideosity,none
hideous,Anglo-French
hideously,none
hideousness,none
hideout,American English
hiding,Old English
hiding,Old English
hidy-hole,none
hie,Old English
hiemal,Latin
hierarch,Medieval Latin
hierarchal,none
hierarchic,Medieval Latin
hierarchical,none
hierarchy,French
hieratic,Latin
hierocracy,none
hieroglyph,none
hieroglyphic,Late Latin
hieroglyphics,Greek
hierophant,Late Latin
hierophantic,Greek
higgledy-piggledy,English
high,Old English
high,none
high,English
high hat,none
high horse,French
high-class,none
high-falutin,none
high-five,none
high-minded,none
high-powered,none
high-roller,American English
high-strung,none
high-tail,none
high-toned,none
highball,none
highborn,none
highboy,American English
highbrow,none
higher,Old English
highest,Old English
highland,Old English
Highlander,none
highlight,none
highly,Old English
highness,Old English
hight,Middle English
highway,Old English
highwayman,none
hijack,American English
hijinks,none
hijra,none
hike,English
hiker,none
hilarious,Latin
hilarity,Latin
Hilary,Late Latin
Hilda,German
Hildebrand,Old High German
Hildegard,Old High German
hill,Old English
hillbilly,none
Hillel,Hebrew
hillock,Middle English
hillside,none
hilltop,none
hilly,none
hilt,Old English
hilum,Latin
him,Old English
Himalaya,Sanskrit
himself,Old English
hin,Old English
hincty,Scot.
hind,Old English
hind,Old English
hinder,Old English
hinder,Old English
hinderance,none
hindermost,none
Hindi,none
hindmost,none
Hindoo,none
hindrance,French
hindsight,American English
Hindu,Persian
Hinduism,none
Hindustan,Persian
hine,none
hinge,Old English
hinge,none
hinny,Latin
hinny,none
hint,Middle English
hint,none
hinterland,German
hip,Old English
hip,Old English
hip,none
hip,German
hip hop,none
hiphuggers,none
hipped,none
hippie,American English
hippish,none
hippo,none
hippo-,Greek
hippocampus,Late Latin
Hippocratic,Medieval Latin
Hippocrene,Greek
hippodrome,French
hippogriff,French
Hippolyte,Greek
Hippolytus,Greek
hippophagy,none
hippopotamus,Late Latin
hippy,none
hipster,none
hir,Middle English
hiragana,Japanese
Hiram,Phoenician
hircine,Latin
hire,Old English
hire,Old English
hiree,none
hireling,Old English
Hiroshima,Japanese
hirsute,Latin
hirsutism,none
his,Old English
Hispania,Latin
Hispanic,Latin
Hispaniola,Spanish
hiss,none
hiss,none
hisself,none
hissing,none
hissy,none
hist,none
histamine,none
histidine,German
histo-,Greek
histogram,none
histology,none
histone,German
historian,Middle French
historiaster,none
historic,French
historical,Latin
historicism,German
historicity,Latin
historico-,Latin
historify,none
historiography,none
history,French
histrionic,Latin
histrionics,none
hit,Old English
hit,none
hitch,Middle English
hitch,none
hitcher,none
hitchhike,none
hithe,Old English
hither,Old English
hitherto,none
Hitler,none
hitman,none
Hittite,Indo-European
HIV,none
hive,Old English
hives,none
hmm,none
ho,none
ho,American English
ho-de-ho,English
ho-hum,none
hoagie,American English
hoar,Old English
hoard,Old English
hoard,Old English
hoarder,Old English
hoarfrost,none
hoarse,Old English
hoary,none
hoax,none
hob,none
Hob,none
Hobbit,Scot.
hobble,Dutch
hobbledehoy,Middle French
hobby,none
hobbyist,none
hobgoblin,German
hobnail,none
hobnob,Old English
hobo,English
Hoboken,Dutch
Hobsons choice,English
Hobson-Jobson,English
hoc,Latin
hock,Old English
hock,German
hock,American English
hockey,Middle French
hocus-pocus,Latin
hod,Middle English
hodge-podge,none
hodgepodge,Anglo-French
Hodgkins disease,none
hoe,French
hoe-cake,American English
hoedown,German
hoer,none
hog,Old English
hog,none
hog-tie,none
hogan,American English
hogger,none
hoggish,none
hogshead,German
hogwash,none
hogweed,none
hoi polloi,Greek
hoist,Middle English
hoity-toity,none
hoke,none
hokey,none
hokey-pokey,none
hokum,none
hold,Old English
hold,Old English
hold,Old English
hold up,none
hold-out,none
holder,none
holding,none
hole,Old English
hole,Old English
holey,none
holiday,Old English
holier-than-thou,American English
holiness,Old English
holism,Greek
holistic,none
holla,French
Holland,Dutch
hollandaise,French
Hollander,none
holler,American English
hollow,Old English
hollow,none
hollow,Old English
holly,Old English
hollyhock,Old English
Hollywood,none
holm,Old English
holmium,French
holo-,Greek
holocaust,Greek
Holocene,French
hologram,Hung
holograph,Late Latin
holographic,none
holography,Hung
holomorphic,none
holophrastic,Greek
Holstein,German
holster,Old English
holster,none
holt,Old English
holy,Old English
Holy Land,Medieval Latin
holystone,none
homage,French
hombre,Spanish
homburg,none
home,Old English
home,Old English
home front,none
home page,none
home rule,none
home run,none
homebody,none
homebound,none
homeboy,American English
homecoming,Old English
homeland,Old English
homeless,Old English
homelessness,none
homeliness,none
homely,Middle English
homemade,none
homemaker,American English
homeo-,Latin
homeomorphism,none
homeopath,none
homeopathy,German
homeostasis,Greek
homeowner,American English
Homer,Latin
homer,none
Homeric,Latin
homeroom,none
homeschool,none
homesick,none
homesickness,German
homespun,none
homestead,Old English
hometown,none
homeward,Old English
homework,none
homey,none
homicidal,none
homicide,French
homie,none
homiletic,Late Latin
homiletics,none
homilist,none
homily,French
homing,none
hominid,Modern Latin
hominoid,Latin
hominy,Algonquian
homo,none
Homo sapiens,Modern Latin
homo-,Greek
homo-,none
homoerotic,none
homogamous,none
homogamy,none
homogeneity,none
homogeneous,Medieval Latin
homogenise,English
homogenization,none
homogenize,none
homogenous,none
homogeny,Greek
homograph,none
homoiousian,Greek
homologize,none
homologous,Greek
homonym,French
homonymous,Latin
homophile,none
homophobic,none
homophone,Greek
homophony,French
homosexual,German
homosexuality,none
homozygous,none
homuncular,none
homunculus,Latin
homy,none
hon,none
honcho,American English
Honduras,Spanish
hone,Old English
hone,none
honer,none
honest,French
honestly,none
honesty,French
honey,Old English
honey,none
honey-bee,none
honeycomb,Old English
honeydew,none
honeymoon,French
honeysuckle,Old English
Hong Kong,Cantonese
honi soit qui mal y pense,Middle French
honk,American English
honky,Hung
honky-tonk,none
Honolulu,Hawaiian
honor,Anglo-French
honor,French
honorable,French
honoraria,Latin
honorarium,Latin
honorary,French
honoree,Latin
Honoria,Latin
honorific,Latin
honour,English
honourable,English
hooch,none
hoochy koochy,Egypt
hood,Old English
hood,American English
hood,none
hood,none
hoodie,none
hoodlum,American English
hoodoo,American English
hoodwink,none
hooey,American English
hoof,Old English
hoof,American English
hoofbeat,none
hook,Old English
hook,none
hookah,Arabic
hooked,Old English
hooker,French
hookup,none
hooky,American English
hooligan,Irish
hooliganism,none
hoop,Old English
hoopla,American English
hoopoe,Latin
hooray,none
hoosegow,Mexican Spanish
Hoosier,American English
hoot,Middle English
hootenanny,American English
hooter,none
hoove,none
Hoover,none
Hooverville,American English
hooya,none
hop,Old English
hop,Middle Dutch
hop,Cantonese
hop,none
hope,Old English
hope,Old English
hopeful,none
hopefully,none
hopeless,none
hophead,none
Hopi,none
hoping,none
hoplite,Greek
hopped,none
hopper,Old English
hopper,none
hopscotch,none
hoptoad,American English
Horace,French
Horatian,none
horde,Turk
hore,Old English
horizon,French
horizontal,French
hormonal,none
hormone,Greek
horn,Old English
horn,American English
hornbeam,none
hornbill,none
hornblende,German
horndog,none
hornet,Old English
hornpipe,none
hornswoggle,none
horny,none
horology,Greek
horometry,Greek
horoscope,Latin
horrendous,Latin
horrible,French
horribly,none
horrid,Latin
horrific,French
horrify,none
horripilation,Late Latin
horror,French
hors doeuvre,French
hors de combat,French
horse,Old English
horse,Old English
horse sense,American English
horse-chestnut,none
horse-race,none
horse-whip,none
horseback,none
horsefeathers,none
horsefly,none
horsehair,none
horsehide,none
horseman,none
horsemanship,none
horseplay,none
horsepower,none
horseradish,Old English
horseshoe,American English
horsetail,none
horsewoman,none
horsy,none
hortative,Latin
hortatory,Middle French
Hortense,Latin
horticultural,none
horticulture,Latin
horticulturist,none
Horus,Egypt
hosanna,Old English
hose,none
hose,Old English
Hosea,Hebrew
hoser,none
hosier,French
hosiery,none
hospice,French
hospitable,Middle French
hospital,French
hospitality,French
hospitalization,none
hospitalize,none
hoss,none
host,French
host,French
host,Latin
host,none
hosta,Modern Latin
hostage,French
hostel,French
hostelry,French
hostess,French
hostile,Middle French
hostility,Middle French
hostler,Anglo-French
hot,Old English
hot dog,none
hot pants,none
hot spot,none
hot water,none
hot-blooded,none
hot-foot,none
hot-rod,American English
hotbed,none
Hotchkiss,Japanese
hotel,French
hotelier,French
hothead,English
hothouse,none
hotly,Old English
hotshot,none
Hottentot,Dutch
hottie,none
Houdini,none
hound,Old English
hound,none
houndstooth,none
hour,French
hourglass,none
houri,French
hourly,none
house,Old English
house,Old English
houseboat,none
housebreak,none
housefly,none
houseful,none
household,none
housekeeper,none
housekeeping,none
housewarming,none
housewife,none
housing,none
housing,French
Houston,none
Houyhnhnm,none
hove,none
hove,none
hovel,none
hover,none
hovercraft,none
how,Old English
how,English
Howard,French
howbeit,none
howdah,Persian
howdy,none
however,none
howitzer,Dutch
howl,German
howler,none
hoyden,Dutch
Hoyle,English
HTML,none
http,none
HUAC,American English
hub,none
hub-bub,none
hubba-hubba,none
Hubble,none
hubbub,Irish
hubby,none
hubcap,none
Hubert,French
hubris,Greek
hubristic,Greek
huckleberry,American English
huckster,Middle Dutch
hud,none
huddle,Low German
hue,Old English
hue,French
hueless,Old English
huff,none
huffy,none
hug,Old Norse
huge,French
hugely,none
huggable,none
hugger-mugger,Middle English
Hugh,Old North French
Huguenot,Middle French
huh,none
hula,Hawaiian
hulk,Old English
hulk,none
hulking,none
hull,Old English
hull,Latin
hull,none
hullabaloo,Scot.
hullo,none
hum,English
hum,none
hum-drum,none
human,French
humane,none
humanely,none
humanism,Latin
humanist,Middle French
humanistic,none
humanitarian,none
humanitarianism,none
humanities,English
humanity,French
humanize,none
humankind,none
humanly,none
humanoid,none
humble,French
humble,none
humbug,none
humdinger,American English
humeral,none
humerus,Latin
humid,French
humidifier,none
humidify,none
humidity,French
humidor,none
humiliate,none
humiliation,Late Latin
humility,French
hummer,none
hummock,none
hummus,Turk
humongous,American English
humor,Old North French
humor,none
humoral,Middle French
humorist,Middle French
humorous,Middle French
humour,English
hump,Dutch
hump,none
humph,none
Humphrey,Old English
Humpty-dumpty,French
humus,Latin
humvee,Persian
Hun,Old English
Hunan,none
hunch,none
hunchback,none
hundred,Old English
hundredfold,none
hundredth,Old English
hung,American English
Hungary,Medieval Latin
hunger,Old English
hunger,Old English
hungry,Old English
hunk,Flemish
hunker,Scot.
hunky-dory,American English
hunt,Old English
hunt,none
hunter,Old English
hunting,Old English
Huntingdon,Old English
Huntingtons chorea,none
huntress,Old English
hurdle,Old English
hurdle,none
hurdy-gurdy,none
hurl,Low German
hurling,none
hurly-burly,none
Huron,French
hurrah,German
hurricane,Spanish
hurried,none
hurry,Middle English
hurry,none
hurry-scurry,none
hurst,Old English
hurt,French
hurt,none
hurtful,none
hurting,none
hurtle,none
husband,Old English
husband,none
husbandman,none
husbandry,none
hush,Middle English
hushaby,none
husk,Middle Dutch
husker,none
husky,American English
husky,English
hussar,German
Hussite,none
hussy,Middle English
hustings,Old English
hustle,Dutch
hustle,American English
hustler,none
huswife,none
hut,French
hutch,French
Hutterite,none
huzza,none
hyacinth,Greek
Hyades,Greek
hyaline,Latin
hyalo-,Greek
hybrid,Latin
hybridity,none
hybridization,none
hybris,none
hydra,Greek
hydrangea,Modern Latin
hydrant,American English
hydrargyrum,Latin
hydrate,French
hydrate,Greek
hydration,none
hydraulic,Greek
hydraulics,none
hydric,none
hydro,none
hydro-,Greek
hydrocarbon,English
hydrocephalus,Latin
hydrochloric,none
hydrodynamic,none
hydroelectric,English
hydrofoil,English
hydrogen,French
hydrogenate,none
hydrography,none
hydrology,none
hydrolysis,English
hydrometer,none
hydrophobia,Late Latin
hydrophobic,none
hydroplane,none
hydroplane,none
hydroponics,English
hydropower,none
hydrosphere,none
hydrostatic,Greek
hydrotherapy,none
hydrothermal,none
hydroxide,none
hyena,French
hygiene,French
hygienic,French
hygienist,none
hygro-,Greek
hygrology,none
hygrometer,French
hygroscopic,none
Hyksos,Egypt
hylo-,Greek
Hyman,none
hymen,French
Hymen,Greek
hymeneal,Latin
Hymenoptera,Modern Latin
hymie,Hebrew
hymn,French
hymnal,Medieval Latin
hyoid,French
hype,American English
hyper,none
hyper-,Greek
hyperactive,none
hyperactivity,none
hyperbaric,Greek
hyperbaton,Greek
hyperbola,Latin
hyperbole,Latin
hyperbolic,Greek
hyperborean,Late Latin
hypercritical,none
hyperdrive,none
hyperextend,none
hyperglycemia,none
hyperinflation,none
Hyperion,Greek
hyperkinetic,French
hyperlink,none
hyperopia,Modern Latin
hyperplasia,Modern Latin
hypersensitive,none
hyperspace,none
hypertension,none
hypertext,none
hyperthermia,Latin
hyperthyroidism,none
hypertonic,none
hypertrophy,Greek
hyperventilate,none
hyperventilation,none
hypervigilance,none
hypha,Modern Latin
hyphen,Late Latin
hyphenate,none
hyphenation,none
hypnagogic,French
hypno-,Greek
hypnopedia,Greek
hypnopompic,Greek
hypnosis,Greek
hypnotherapy,none
hypnotic,French
hypnotise,none
hypnotism,none
hypnotist,none
hypnotize,none
hypo,none
hypo-,Greek
hypoallergenic,none
hypochondria,Late Latin
hypochondriac,French
hypochondriasis,none
hypocrisy,French
hypocrite,French
hypocritic,Greek
hypocritical,Middle English
hypodermic,none
hypoglycemia,Latin
hypomania,German
hypotenuse,Late Latin
hypothalamus,German
hypothecate,Medieval Latin
hypothermia,Modern Latin
hypotheses,none
hypothesis,Middle French
hypothesise,English
hypothesize,none
hypothetical,Greek
hypotonia,Latin
hypotonic,none
hypoxia,none
hypsi-,Greek
Hyrcania,Greek
hyssop,Old English
hysterectomy,English
hysteresis,Greek
hysteria,Latin
hysteric,Latin
hysterical,Latin
hysterics,none
hysteron proteron,Late Latin
-ia,Latin
-ial,none
-ian,Latin
-iana,none
-iasis,Latin
-iatric,Greek
-iatry,French
-ible,Middle English
-ic,French
-ical,Middle English
-ics,English
-id,French
-idae,Latin
-ide,none
-ie,none
-ier,French
-ify,English
-ile,French
-in,none
-in,none
-ina,Latin
-ine,French
-ine,French
-ing,Old English
-ing,Old English
-ion,Latin
-ise,none
-ish,Old English
-ism,French
-ist,French
-istic,French
-ite,French
-ite,French
-itis,Modern Latin
-ity,Middle English
-ive,French
-ization,none
-ize,Middle English
I,Old English
I Ching,none
int,none
Ise,none
Ive,none
I.D.,none
i.e.,Latin
I.H.S.,Old English
I.O.U.,none
I.Q.,German
I.R.A.,none
I.R.A.,Irish
iamb,French
iambic,Latin
Ian,Scot.
iatro-,Greek
iatrogenic,none
Iberian,Latin
ibex,Latin
ibid.,Latin
ibis,Greek
IBM,none
ibogaine,French
Icarus,Greek
ICBM,none
ice,Old English
ice,none
ice cream,none
Ice-Capade,none
ice-cold,Old English
ice-skate,none
ice-water,none
iceberg,Dutch
icebox,none
iceman,none
ichneumon,Egypt
ichor,Greek
ichthyology,Modern Latin
Ichthyosaur,Modern Latin
ichthyosis,Modern Latin
icicle,Old English
icing,none
Icknield Way,Old English
icky,American English
icon,Late Latin
iconic,Late Latin
iconoclasm,none
iconoclast,French
iconoclastic,none
iconography,Medieval Latin
icosahedron,Greek
icteric,Latin
icterus,Latin
ictus,Latin
icy,Old English
id,Latin
id est,Latin
Ida,Medieval Latin
Idaho,none
idea,Latin
ideal,Late Latin
ideal,none
idealism,French
idealist,none
idealistic,none
idealization,none
idealize,none
ideally,none
ideate,none
ideation,none
idem,Latin
idempotent,Latin
identical,Medieval Latin
identifiable,none
identification,French
identifier,none
identify,French
identity,Middle French
ideogram,Greek
ideograph,Greek
ideological,none
ideologue,French
ideology,French
ides,French
idio-,Greek
idiocrasy,Greek
idiocy,none
idiolect,none
idiom,Middle French
idiomatic,Latin
idiopathy,Modern Latin
idiosyncrasy,French
idiosyncratic,none
idiot,Middle English
idiotic,Late Latin
idle,Old English
idle,none
idleness,Old English
idler,none
idly,Old English
Ido,Latin
idol,French
idolater,French
idolatrous,none
idolatry,French
idolize,none
idyll,Latin
idyllic,none
if,Old English
iffy,American English
igloo,English
Ignatius,Latin
igneous,Latin
ignis fatuus,Medieval Latin
ignitable,none
ignite,Latin
ignition,French
ignivomous,Late Latin
ignoble,Middle French
ignominious,Middle French
ignominy,Middle French
ignoramus,Anglo-French
ignorance,French
ignorant,French
ignore,French
iguana,Spanish
Iguanodon,Greek
ikebana,Japanese
il-,Latin
ileo-,none
ileum,Latin
ileus,Latin
ilex,Latin
ilia,Latin
iliac,French
Iliad,Latin
ilium,Modern Latin
ilk,Old English
ill,Old Norse
ill,none
ill,none
illative,Late Latin
illegal,French
illegality,French
illegally,none
illegible,none
illegitimacy,none
illegitimate,English
illiberal,Middle French
illicit,French
illimitable,none
illing,none
Illinois,Algonquian
illiquid,none
illiteracy,none
illiterate,Latin
illness,none
illocution,none
illocutionary,none
illogical,none
illth,none
illude,Latin
illuminate,Latin
illuminati,Latin
illumination,Latin
illumine,French
illusion,French
illusionary,none
illusionist,none
illusive,English
illusory,French
illustrate,Latin
illustration,French
illustrative,none
illustrator,Latin
illustrious,Latin
illy,none
Illyria,none
Ilocano,Spanish
im-,English
image,French
image,French
imagery,French
imaginable,French
imaginary,Late Latin
imagination,French
imaginative,French
imagine,French
imagism,none
imago,Latin
imam,Arabic
imbalance,none
imbecile,Middle French
imbecilic,none
imbecility,Middle French
imbibe,French
imbricate,Latin
imbrication,French
imbroglio,Italian
imbrue,French
imbue,Latin
imburse,Medieval Latin
imitable,French
imitate,Latin
imitation,French
imitative,Middle French
imitator,French
immaculacy,none
immaculate,Latin
immanence,none
immanent,French
Immanuel,none
immarcessible,Late Latin
immaterial,Medieval Latin
immature,Latin
immaturity,Latin
immeasurable,French
immediacy,none
immediate,French
immediately,none
immemorable,Latin
immemorial,French
immense,Middle French
immensely,none
immensity,Middle French
immerge,Latin
immerse,Latin
immersion,Late Latin
immigrant,French
immigrate,Latin
immigration,none
imminence,Late Latin
imminent,Middle French
immiscible,none
immitigable,Latin
immobile,French
immobility,Middle French
immobilization,none
immobilize,French
immoderate,Latin
immoderation,Latin
immodest,Latin
immodesty,Latin
immolate,Latin
immolation,Middle French
immoral,none
immorality,none
immortal,Latin
immortality,French
immortalization,none
immortalize,Middle French
immortelle,French
immovability,none
immovable,none
immune,Latin
immunity,French
immunization,none
immunize,none
immunodeficiency,none
immunology,none
immure,Middle French
immutability,Latin
immutable,French
imp,Old English
impact,Latin
impact,none
impactful,none
impaction,Latin
impair,French
impairment,French
impala,none
impale,Middle French
impalement,French
impalpable,French
impanate,Church Latin
impart,French
impartial,English
impartiality,none
impassable,none
impasse,French
impassible,French
impassion,Italian
impassionate,none
impassioned,none
impassive,none
impassivity,none
impasto,Italian
impatience,French
impatient,French
impeach,Anglo-French
impeachable,none
impeachment,French
impeccable,Middle French
impecunious,Latin
impedance,none
impede,Latin
impediment,Latin
impedimenta,Latin
impel,Latin
impeller,none
impend,Latin
impendent,Latin
impenetrable,Middle French
impenitence,Latin
impenitent,Latin
imperative,Late Latin
imperative,French
imperator,Latin
imperceptibility,none
imperceptible,French
imperfect,French
imperfection,French
imperforate,none
imperial,French
imperialism,French
imperialist,German
imperialistic,none
imperil,none
imperious,Latin
imperishable,none
imperium,Latin
impermanence,none
impermanent,none
impermeable,French
impermissible,none
imperscriptable,Latin
impersonal,Late Latin
impersonality,none
impersonate,Latin
impersonation,none
impersonator,Latin
impertinence,French
impertinent,French
impertinently,none
imperturbable,Middle French
impervious,Latin
impetigo,Latin
impetuosity,French
impetuous,French
impetus,Latin
impiety,French
impinge,Latin
impingement,none
impious,Latin
impish,none
implacability,Late Latin
implacable,French
implant,French
implant,none
implantation,French
implausibility,none
implausible,none
implement,Late Latin
implement,Scot.
implicate,Latin
implication,Latin
implications,none
implicit,Middle French
implicitly,none
implode,none
implore,Middle French
implosion,none
imply,Latin
impolite,Latin
impolitic,none
imponderable,none
import,Latin
import,none
importance,Middle French
important,Middle French
importation,none
importunate,Medieval Latin
importune,Middle French
importunity,Middle French
impose,French
imposing,none
imposition,French
impossibility,French
impossible,French
impost,Middle French
impostor,Middle French
imposture,Middle French
impotence,Middle French
impotent,French
impound,none
impoundment,none
impoverish,French
impoverishment,none
impracticable,none
impractical,none
imprecate,none
imprecation,Latin
imprecise,none
imprecision,none
impregnable,Middle French
impregnate,Late Latin
impregnation,French
impresario,Italian
imprescriptible,French
impress,Latin
impress,none
impressed,none
impression,French
impressionable,French
impressionism,French
impressionist,English
impressionistic,none
impressive,none
impressment,none
imprimatur,Modern Latin
imprint,French
imprison,French
imprisonment,Anglo-French
improbability,none
improbable,Latin
imprompt,Latin
impromptu,French
improper,French
impropriety,French
improv,none
improve,Anglo-French
improvement,Anglo-French
improvidence,Latin
improvident,Latin
improvisation,French
improvisational,none
improvise,French
improvision,none
imprudence,Latin
imprudent,Latin
impudence,Latin
impudent,Latin
impugn,French
impulse,Latin
impulsion,French
impulsive,Middle French
impulsively,none
impulsiveness,none
impulsivity,none
impune,Latin
impunity,Middle French
impure,Middle French
impurity,Middle French
imputable,Medieval Latin
imputation,Middle French
impute,French
in,Old English
in absentia,Latin
in extremis,Latin
in like Flynn,none
in loco parentis,Latin
in medias res,Latin
in memoriam,Latin
in situ,Latin
in toto,Latin
in utero,Latin
in vitro,Latin
in vivo,Latin
int,none
int,none
in-,Latin
in-,Latin
in-fighting,Old English
in-joke,none
in-law,none
in-migration,none
in-store,Middle English
in-transit,none
inability,none
inable,none
inaccessible,Middle French
inaccuracy,none
inaccurate,none
inaction,none
inactive,none
inactivity,none
inadequacy,none
inadequate,none
inadmissible,none
inadvertence,Middle French
inadvertent,none
inadvertently,none
inadvisability,none
inadvisable,none
inalienable,none
inamorata,Italian
inamorato,none
inane,none
inanimate,Late Latin
inanition,French
inanity,French
inapplicable,none
inapposite,none
inappropriate,none
inapt,none
inaptitude,none
inarticulate,Late Latin
inartistic,none
inasmuch,none
inattention,none
inattentive,none
inaudible,Latin
inaugural,French
inaugurate,Latin
inauguration,French
inauspicious,none
inauthentic,none
inbetween,none
inborn,Old English
inbound,none
inbox,none
inbred,none
inbreeding,none
Inc.,none
Inca,Spanish
incalculable,none
incandescence,none
incandescent,French
incantation,French
incapable,Middle French
incapacitate,none
incapacitation,none
incapacity,French
incarcerate,Medieval Latin
incarceration,Medieval Latin
incarnadine,French
incarnate,Late Latin
incarnate,Latin
incarnation,French
incautious,none
incendiarism,none
incendiary,Latin
incense,French
incense,Middle French
incense,French
incent,none
incentive,Late Latin
incentivize,none
incept,Latin
inception,Middle French
inceptive,French
incertitude,Middle French
incessancy,none
incessant,French
incest,French
incestuous,Latin
inch,Old English
inch,Scot.
inch,none
inchoate,Latin
inchworm,American English
incidence,Middle French
incident,Middle French
incident,Middle French
incidental,Medieval Latin
incidentally,none
incinerate,Medieval Latin
incineration,Middle French
incinerator,American English
incipience,none
incipient,Latin
incipit,Latin
incise,French
incision,French
incisive,Middle French
incisor,Medieval Latin
incite,Middle French
incitement,none
incitive,none
incivility,French
inclemency,Middle French
inclement,French
inclinable,French
inclination,Middle French
incline,French
incline,none
include,Latin
inclusion,Latin
inclusive,Medieval Latin
incogitable,Late Latin
incognito,Italian
incognizant,none
incoherence,Italian
incoherency,none
incoherent,none
incohesive,none
incombustible,French
income,Old English
incoming,none
incommensurability,none
incommensurable,Middle French
incommensurate,none
incommodious,none
incommodity,Middle French
incommunicability,none
incommunicable,none
incommunicado,American English
incomparability,none
incomparable,French
incomparably,none
incompatibility,none
incompatible,Medieval Latin
incompetence,French
incompetency,none
incompetent,French
incomplete,Latin
incompletely,none
incompleteness,none
incompletion,none
incomprehensibility,French
incomprehensible,Latin
incomprehensibly,none
incomprehension,none
incomprehensive,none
inconceivable,Old English
inconclusive,none
inconducive,none
incongruence,Late Latin
incongruency,none
incongruent,Latin
incongruity,French
incongruous,Latin
inconsequence,Latin
inconsequent,Latin
inconsequential,none
inconsiderable,French
inconsiderate,Latin
inconsideration,Late Latin
inconsistency,none
inconsistent,none
inconsolable,Latin
inconspicuous,Late Latin
inconstance,French
inconstancy,Latin
inconstant,Middle French
incontestable,French
incontinence,French
incontinency,none
incontinent,French
incontinently,none
incontrovertible,none
inconvenience,French
inconvenience,none
inconveniency,Latin
inconvenient,French
inconveniently,none
incorporate,Late Latin
incorporation,French
incorporeal,Latin
incorrect,Latin
incorrigibility,none
incorrigible,French
incorruptibility,Late Latin
incorruptible,Middle French
increase,Anglo-French
increase,none
increasingly,none
incredible,Latin
incredulity,Middle French
incredulous,Latin
increment,Latin
incremental,none
increpation,Latin
incriminate,Medieval Latin
incrimination,Medieval Latin
incroyable,French
incrustation,Late Latin
incubate,Latin
incubation,Latin
incubator,none
incubus,Late Latin
inculcate,Latin
inculcation,Late Latin
inculpate,Medieval Latin
inculpation,none
incumbency,none
incumbent,Medieval Latin
incumbent,Latin
incumbrance,none
incunabula,Latin
incunabulum,German
incur,Anglo-French
incurable,French
incurious,Latin
incursion,Middle French
incus,Latin
indebted,French
indecency,Latin
indecent,French
indecipherable,none
indecision,French
indecisive,none
indeclinable,French
indecorous,Latin
indeed,Old English
indefatigability,none
indefatigable,French
indefeasible,none
indefensible,none
indefinability,none
indefinable,none
indefinite,Latin
indefinitely,none
indelible,Latin
indelicate,none
indemnification,none
indemnify,Latin
indemnity,Middle French
indent,French
indentation,none
indention,none
indenture,Anglo-French
indentured,none
independence,Old English
independent,French
indescribable,Old English
indescript,Latin
indestructibility,none
indestructible,none
indeterminable,Late Latin
indeterminacy,none
indeterminate,Late Latin
index,Latin
index,none
indexation,none
India,Old English
Indian,none
Indian Ocean,Modern Latin
Indian summer,American English
Indiana,French
Indianapolis,none
Indic,Latin
indicate,Latin
indication,Latin
indicative,French
indicator,Late Latin
indices,none
indicia,Latin
indict,Anglo-French
indiction,Latin
indictive,Latin
indictment,Anglo-French
indie,none
Indies,Middle English
indifference,Latin
indifferent,French
indifferently,none
indigence,French
indigency,Latin
indigene,French
indigenous,Late Latin
indigent,French
indigestible,Late Latin
indigestion,French
indignance,none
indignant,Latin
indignation,French
indignity,Latin
indigo,Spanish
indirect,Middle French
indirection,none
indirectly,none
indiscernible,none
indiscipline,none
indiscreet,Latin
indiscrete,none
indiscretion,French
indiscriminate,none
indiscriminately,none
indispensability,none
indispensable,Medieval Latin
indisposed,Late Latin
indisposition,Middle English
indisputable,Late Latin
indissolubility,none
indissoluble,Latin
indistinct,Latin
indistinguishable,none
indite,French
inditement,none
individual,Medieval Latin
individual,Latin
individualism,none
individualist,none
individuality,none
individualize,none
individually,none
individuate,Medieval Latin
individuation,Medieval Latin
indivisibility,none
indivisible,Middle French
Indo-European,Egypt
Indochina,Greek
indoctrinate,Latin
indoctrination,none
indolence,French
indolent,Late Latin
indomitable,Late Latin
Indonesian,Greek
indoor,none
indorsement,none
indrawn,Middle English
indri,French
indubitable,Latin
indubitably,none
induce,Latin
inducement,none
inducive,none
induct,Latin
inductance,none
inductee,American English
induction,French
inductive,French
inductor,Latin
indulge,Latin
indulgence,French
indulgent,Latin
indurate,Latin
induration,French
Indus,Sanskrit
industrial,French
industrialisation,English
industrialism,French
industrialist,French
industrialization,none
industrialize,French
industrious,Middle French
industry,French
indwelling,Latin
inebriate,Latin
inebriated,none
inebriation,Late Latin
inedible,none
ineducable,none
ineffability,none
ineffable,French
ineffective,none
ineffectual,none
inefficacious,none
inefficacy,Late Latin
inefficient,none
inelastic,none
inelegant,French
ineligible,none
ineluctable,Latin
inept,French
ineptitude,French
inequable,Latin
inequality,French
inequitable,none
inequity,none
ineradicable,none
inerrancy,none
inerrant,Latin
inert,French
inertia,German
inertial,none
inertness,none
inescapable,none
inestimable,French
inevitability,none
inevitable,Latin
inevitably,none
inexact,none
inexactitude,none
inexcusable,Latin
inexhaustible,none
inexorable,Middle French
inexpedient,none
inexpensive,none
inexperience,French
inexperienced,none
inexpert,French
inexpiable,Latin
inexplicable,Middle French
inexplicit,Latin
inexpressible,none
inexpugnable,Latin
inextinguishable,none
inextricable,Latin
Inez,Spanish
infallibility,Medieval Latin
infallible,Medieval Latin
infamous,Medieval Latin
infamy,French
infancy,Anglo-French
infant,Latin
Infanta,Spanish
infanticide,none
infantile,Latin
infantilism,none
infantry,French
infantryman,none
infarct,Latin
infarction,Latin
infatigable,French
infatuate,Latin
infatuation,French
infeasibility,none
infeasible,none
infect,Latin
infection,French
infectious,none
infective,Latin
infelicitous,none
infelicity,Latin
infer,Latin
inference,Medieval Latin
inferential,Medieval Latin
inferior,Latin
inferior,none
inferiority,Medieval Latin
infernal,French
inferno,Italian
infertile,French
infertility,Late Latin
infest,Middle French
infestation,Late Latin
infibulate,Latin
infibulation,none
infidel,Middle French
infidelity,French
infield,none
infiltrate,none
infiltration,none
infinite,French
infinitely,none
infinitesimal,Modern Latin
infinitive,Late Latin
infinitude,Medieval Latin
infinity,French
infirm,Latin
infirmary,Medieval Latin
infirmity,Latin
inflame,French
inflammable,Middle French
inflammation,Middle French
inflammatory,Latin
inflate,Latin
inflation,Latin
inflationary,none
inflect,Latin
inflection,Middle French
inflexibility,none
inflexible,Middle French
inflexion,none
inflict,Latin
infliction,Late Latin
inflight,none
inflorescence,Modern Latin
inflow,none
influence,French
influence,none
influent,Latin
influential,Medieval Latin
influenza,Italian
influx,French
info,none
info-,none
infomercial,none
inform,French
informal,none
informality,none
informant,Latin
informatics,Russian
information,French
informative,Medieval Latin
informer,French
infotainment,none
infra,Latin
infra dig.,Latin
infra-,Latin
infra-red,none
infraction,Middle French
infralapsarian,Latin
infrasonic,none
infrastructure,French
infrequency,Latin
infrequent,Latin
infrigidation,Late Latin
infringe,Latin
infringement,none
infundibulum,Latin
infuriate,Italian
infuse,Latin
infusion,French
ingenious,Middle French
ingenue,French
ingenuity,Middle French
ingenuous,Latin
ingest,Latin
ingestion,Latin
ingle,Scot.
inglorious,Latin
ingoing,none
ingot,Old English
ingrain,none
ingrate,Latin
ingratiate,Italian
ingratitude,French
ingredient,Latin
ingress,Latin
ingrown,none
inguinal,Latin
inhabit,French
inhabitable,none
inhabitant,Anglo-French
inhalant,Latin
inhalation,Latin
inhale,Latin
inhance,none
inharmonious,none
inhere,Latin
inherence,Medieval Latin
inherent,Latin
inherit,French
inheritance,Anglo-French
inhibit,Latin
inhibition,French
inhibitor,Scot.
inhibitory,Medieval Latin
inhospitable,Middle French
inhouse,none
inhuman,Latin
inhumane,Latin
inhumanity,French
inhumation,Latin
inhume,Latin
Inigo,Spanish
inimical,Late Latin
inimitability,none
inimitable,Latin
iniquitous,none
iniquity,French
initial,Middle French
initial,none
initial,American English
initialism,none
initialize,none
initiate,none
initiate,Latin
initiation,Middle French
initiative,French
initiatory,Latin
inject,Latin
injection,Middle French
injudicious,none
Injun,American English
injunction,Late Latin
injunctive,Latin
injure,Middle French
injurious,Middle French
injury,Anglo-French
injustice,French
ink,French
ink,none
inkhorn,Old English
inkling,Middle English
inky,none
inlaid,none
inland,Old English
inlandish,none
inlay,none
inlet,Middle English
inline,none
inly,Old English
inmate,none
inmost,Old English
inn,Old English
innards,none
innate,Late Latin
inner,Old English
innermost,Middle English
innervate,Latin
innie,none
inning,Old English
innkeeper,none
innocence,French
innocense,none
innocent,French
innocently,none
innocuous,Latin
innovate,Latin
innovation,Latin
innovative,none
innovator,Late Latin
innuendo,Latin
Innuit,none
innumerable,Latin
inobservant,Latin
inoculate,Latin
inoculation,Latin
inoffensive,none
inoperable,none
inoperative,none
inopportune,Late Latin
inordinate,Latin
inorganic,none
inpatient,none
input,Middle English
inquest,French
inquire,French
inquirer,none
inquiry,Latin
inquisition,French
inquisitive,French
inquisitor,French
inro,Japanese
inroad,none
insalubrious,Latin
insane,Latin
insanity,Latin
insatiability,Late Latin
insatiable,French
insatiate,Latin
inscribe,Latin
inscription,Latin
inscrutability,none
inscrutable,Late Latin
insect,Latin
insecticide,none
insectivore,French
insectivorous,none
insecure,Medieval Latin
insecurity,Medieval Latin
inseminate,Latin
insemination,none
insensate,Late Latin
insense,French
insensibility,Late Latin
insensible,Latin
insensibly,none
insensitive,none
inseparability,Late Latin
inseparable,Latin
insert,Middle English
insertion,Late Latin
inservice,none
inset,none
inshallah,Arabic
inside,American English
inside-out,none
insider,none
insidious,Middle French
insight,none
insightful,none
insignia,Latin
insignificance,none
insignificant,none
insincere,Latin
insincerity,Latin
insinuate,Latin
insinuation,Latin
insipid,French
insipidity,none
insipience,French
insipient,Latin
insist,Latin
insistence,Middle French
insistent,Latin
insobriety,none
insolate,Latin
insole,none
insolence,Latin
insolent,Latin
insolubility,Late Latin
insoluble,Latin
insolvency,none
insolvent,Latin
insomnia,Latin
insomniac,none
insomuch,none
insouciance,French
insouciant,French
inspect,Latin
inspection,French
inspector,Latin
inspiration,French
inspirational,none
inspire,French
inspirer,none
inspissate,Late Latin
instability,Middle French
instable,Latin
install,Medieval Latin
installation,Medieval Latin
installment,Anglo-French
Instamatic,none
instance,French
instant,French
instant,French
instantaneous,English
instantiate,Latin
instantly,none
instate,none
instatement,none
instead,Middle English
instep,Old English
instigate,Latin
instigation,Middle French
instigator,Latin
instill,Latin
instillation,Latin
instinct,Latin
instinctive,Latin
instinctual,Latin
institute,Latin
institute,French
institution,French
institutional,none
institutionalization,none
institutionalize,none
instruct,Latin
instruction,French
instructional,none
instructive,none
instructor,French
instrument,French
instrumental,French
instrumentalist,none
instrumentation,French
insubordinate,French
insubordination,French
insubstantial,Medieval Latin
insubstantiality,none
insue,none
insufferable,none
insufficiency,Late Latin
insufficient,French
insula,Latin
insular,Late Latin
insularity,none
insulate,Latin
insulation,none
insulator,Latin
insulin,English
insult,Middle French
insult,Middle French
insuperable,Latin
insupportable,French
insurance,none
insure,none
insurer,none
insurgence,none
insurgency,none
insurgent,Latin
insurmountable,French
insurrection,Middle French
insurrectionary,none
intact,Latin
intaglio,Italian
intail,none
intake,none
intangible,French
integer,Latin
integral,Middle French
integrate,Latin
integrated,none
integration,French
integrity,French
integument,Latin
integumentary,none
intellect,French
intellectual,French
intellectual,none
intellectualism,German
intellectuality,French
intellectualization,none
intellectualize,none
intellectually,none
intelligence,French
intelligencer,none
intelligent,Latin
intelligentsia,Russian
intelligibility,none
intelligible,Latin
intemperance,Middle French
intemperate,Latin
intend,French
intendant,French
intense,Middle French
intensification,none
intensify,Middle English
intension,Latin
intensity,English
intensive,French
intent,French
intent,Latin
intention,French
intentional,Medieval Latin
intentionally,none
intentions,none
intentive,French
inter,French
inter alia,Latin
inter-,Latin
inter-war,none
interact,none
interaction,none
interactive,none
interbreed,none
intercalary,Latin
intercalate,Latin
intercalation,Latin
intercede,Latin
intercept,Latin
interception,Latin
interceptor,Latin
intercession,Latin
intercessor,Latin
interchange,French
interchange,French
interchangeable,none
intercoastal,none
intercom,none
interconnect,none
intercontinental,American English
intercostal,none
intercourse,French
intercrural,Latin
interdepartmental,none
interdependence,none
interdependency,none
interdependent,none
interdict,French
interdiction,Latin
interdisciplinary,none
interest,Anglo-French
interest,none
interested,none
interesting,none
interface,none
interfaith,none
interfere,Middle French
interference,none
interferometer,none
interferon,English
intergalactic,none
intergenerational,none
interglacial,German
interim,Latin
interior,Middle French
interior,none
interiority,none
interjacent,Latin
interject,Latin
interjection,Middle French
interlace,Middle French
interlard,Middle French
interleague,none
interline,Medieval Latin
interlinear,Medieval Latin
interlock,none
interlocution,Latin
interlocutor,Latin
interlope,none
interloper,Middle Dutch
interlude,Medieval Latin
intermarriage,none
intermarry,none
intermeddle,Latin
intermediary,French
intermediate,Medieval Latin
intermediate,none
interment,French
intermesh,none
intermezzo,Italian
interminable,Late Latin
intermingle,none
intermission,Latin
intermit,Latin
intermittence,none
intermittent,Latin
intermix,none
intermixture,none
intermodal,none
intermural,Latin
intern,French
intern,American English
internal,Medieval Latin
internalization,none
internalize,American English
international,French
internationalisation,English
internationalism,none
internationalization,none
internecine,Latin
Internet,none
interneuron,none
internist,American English
internment,French
internship,none
interoffice,none
interoperable,none
interpellate,Latin
interpellation,Latin
interpenetrate,none
interpenetration,none
interpersonal,none
interphase,German
interplanetary,none
interplay,none
Interpol,none
interpolate,Latin
interpolation,French
interpolator,Latin
interpose,Middle French
interposition,French
interpret,French
interpretable,Late Latin
interpretation,Anglo-French
interpretative,Latin
interpreter,French
interpretive,none
interpunction,Latin
interracial,none
interregnum,Latin
interrelate,none
interrelation,none
interrelationship,none
interrogate,Latin
interrogation,French
interrogative,Late Latin
interrogator,Late Latin
interrogatory,Late Latin
interrupt,Latin
interrupt,none
interruption,French
intersect,Latin
intersect,Latin
intersection,Middle French
intersex,German
interspecific,none
intersperse,Latin
interspersion,none
interstate,American English
interstellar,none
interstice,French
interstitial,Latin
intersubjective,none
intertextuality,none
intertidal,none
intertwine,none
interurban,none
interval,French
intervene,Latin
intervent,Latin
intervention,Middle French
interventionism,none
interview,Middle French
interview,none
interviewee,none
interviewer,none
interweave,none
interwork,none
intestacy,none
intestate,French
intestinal,Latin
intestine,Middle French
intestines,Latin
intice,none
Intifada,Arabic
intimacy,none
intimate,Late Latin
intimate,Late Latin
intimate,none
intimation,Middle French
intimidate,Medieval Latin
intimidation,French
into,Old English
intolerability,Late Latin
intolerable,Latin
intolerance,Latin
intolerant,Latin
intonate,Medieval Latin
intonation,French
intone,French
intoxicant,none
intoxicate,Medieval Latin
intoxicated,none
intoxication,Medieval Latin
intra-,Latin
intracellular,none
intractability,none
intractable,Latin
intramural,Latin
intramuscular,none
intransigence,French
intransigent,French
intransitive,Late Latin
intraocular,none
intraperitoneal,none
intrapersonal,none
intrapsychic,none
intravenous,English
intrepid,French
intrepidity,none
intricacy,none
intricate,Latin
intrigante,French
intrigue,French
intrigue,none
intrinsic,Middle French
intro,none
intro-,Latin
introduce,Latin
introduction,French
introductory,Late Latin
introit,French
introject,none
introjection,German
intron,none
introspect,Latin
introspection,Latin
introspective,Latin
introversion,Modern Latin
introvert,Latin
introverted,none
intrude,Latin
intruder,none
intrusion,French
intrusive,Latin
intubate,Latin
intuit,Latin
intuition,Late Latin
intuitive,Middle French
intumescence,French
intumescent,Latin
inturn,none
intussusception,Latin
inundate,Latin
inundation,Latin
inure,French
inutile,French
inutility,Middle French
invade,Middle French
invader,none
invaginate,Medieval Latin
invalid,Latin
invalid,Latin
invalid,French
invalidate,none
invalidation,none
invalidity,Latin
invaluable,none
invariability,none
invariable,French
invariant,none
invasion,French
invasive,Middle French
invective,Medieval Latin
inveigh,Latin
inveigle,Middle French
invent,Latin
invention,French
inventive,French
inventor,Latin
inventory,French
inverse,Latin
inversion,Latin
invert,Middle French
invertebrate,Latin
invest,Latin
investigable,Late Latin
investigate,Latin
investigation,French
investigative,Latin
investigator,Latin
investiture,Medieval Latin
investment,none
investor,none
inveteracy,none
inveterate,Latin
inviable,none
invictus,Latin
invidious,Latin
invigilate,Latin
invigilator,none
invigorate,none
invigorating,none
invigoration,none
invincibility,none
invincible,Middle French
inviolability,none
inviolable,Latin
inviolate,Latin
invisibility,Late Latin
invisible,French
invision,none
invita Minerva,Latin
invitation,Latin
invite,Middle French
invite,none
invitee,none
inviting,none
invocation,French
invoice,Middle French
invoke,Middle French
involuntary,Late Latin
involute,Latin
involution,Latin
involve,Latin
involved,none
involvement,none
invulnerability,none
invulnerable,Latin
inward,Old English
inwardly,Old English
inwardness,none
inwit,Middle English
Io,Greek
iodide,none
iodine,English
iodize,none
ion,English
Ionian,Attic
Ionic,Latin
ionic,none
ionization,none
ionize,none
ionosphere,Scot.
iota,Greek
Iowa,none
ipecac,Portuguese
ipse dixit,Latin
ipseity,Latin
ipsilateral,Latin
ipso facto,Latin
ir-,Latin
Ira,Hebrew
Iran,Persian
Iranian,Iran
Iraq,Arabic
irascibility,none
irascible,Middle French
irate,Latin
ire,French
Ireland,Anglo-Norm
Irene,French
irenic,none
irenology,Greek
Irgun,Hebrew
iridescence,none
iridescent,Latin
iridium,Modern Latin
iris,Latin
Irish,Old English
Irishman,Irish
irk,Old Norse
irksome,none
Irma,none
iron,Old English
iron,none
Iron Age,Greek
Iron Cross,German
Iron Curtain,German
iron-gray,Old English
iron-on,none
ironclad,American English
ironic,Late Latin
ironing,none
Ironside,none
ironwork,none
irony,Latin
irony,none
Iroquois,French
irradiance,Latin
irradiate,Latin
irradiation,French
irradicable,none
irrational,Latin
irrationality,none
irreconcilable,French
irrecoverable,French
irredeemable,none
irredentist,Italian
irreducible,none
irrefragable,Late Latin
irrefrangible,none
irrefutable,Latin
irregardless,none
irregular,French
irregular,none
irregularity,French
irrelevance,none
irrelevant,none
irreligion,Late Latin
irreligious,Late Latin
irremediable,Late Latin
irremediably,none
irremovable,none
irreparable,French
irreparably,none
irreplaceable,none
irreprehensible,Late Latin
irrepressible,none
irreproachable,French
irreputable,none
irresistible,Late Latin
irresolute,Latin
irresolution,French
irresolvable,none
irrespective,none
irresponsibility,none
irresponsible,none
irretrievable,none
irreverence,Latin
irreverent,Latin
irreversible,none
irrevocable,Latin
irrigable,none
irrigate,Latin
irrigation,Latin
irritability,none
irritable,French
irritant,Latin
irritate,Latin
irritation,Middle French
irrupt,Latin
irruption,Middle French
IRS,none
Irwin,Old English
is,Old English
Isaac,Late Latin
Isabel,Spanish
isagoge,Latin
Isaiah,Hebrew
ISBN,none
Iscariot,Latin
ischaemia,Latin
ischium,Latin
ish kabibble,English
Ishihara,Japanese
Ishmael,Hebrew
Ishtar,Phoenician
Isidore,French
isinglass,Dutch
Islam,Arabic
Islamic,none
island,Old English
isle,French
islet,Middle French
iso-,Greek
isobar,Greek
isocephalic,Greek
isochronous,Modern Latin
isocracy,Greek
isokinetic,none
isolate,French
isolated,French
isolation,French
isolationist,none
Isold,French
isomer,Greek
isometric,Greek
isometrics,American English
isometry,Greek
isomorphic,Greek
isomorphism,German
isopod,French
isosceles,Late Latin
isostasy,Greek
isotherm,French
isothermal,French
isotonic,Greek
isotope,Greek
isotropic,Greek
Israel,Old English
Israeli,Hebrew
Israelite,Latin
Issachar,Greek
Issei,Japanese
issuance,American English
issue,French
issue,French
Istanbul,Turk
isthmian,Latin
isthmus,Latin
it,Old English
Italian,Italian
Italianate,Italian
italic,Latin
italicize,none
Italy,Latin
itch,Old English
itch,Old English
itchy,Old English
item,Latin
itemize,American English
iterate,Latin
iteration,Latin
iterative,French
Ithaca,Greek
ither,Scot.
ithyphallic,Greek
itinerant,Anglo-Latin
itinerary,Late Latin
itinerate,Late Latin
its,Middle English
itself,Old English
itsy-bitsy,none
itty,none
Ivan,Russian
ivory,Anglo-French
ivory tower,French
ivy,Old English
ixnay,Latin
izard,French
izzard,none
J,Medieval Latin
jaccuse,French
jab,Scot.
jab,none
jabber,Middle English
Jabberwocky,none
jabot,French
jabroni,Italian
jacaranda,Portuguese
jacinth,French
Jack,French
jack,Middle English
jack,American English
Jack olantern,Latin
Jack Russell,none
jack-in-the-box,none
jack-knife,American English
jack-knife,none
jackal,Turk
jackanapes,none
jackass,none
jackboot,German
jackdaw,none
jacket,Middle French
jackhammer,none
jackpot,none
jackrabbit,American English
Jacksonian,none
Jacob,Late Latin
Jacobean,none
Jacobin,French
Jacquard,none
jacquerie,Middle French
Jacuzzi,none
jade,French
jade,Scand
jade,none
jaded,none
jag,American English
jag,none
jager,German
jagged,Scot.
jaguar,Portuguese
Jah,Hebrew
jai alai,American English
jail,Old North French
jail,none
jailbait,none
jailbird,none
jailbreak,none
jailer,Old North French
Jain,Sanskrit
Jainism,none
Jake,Pennsylvania Dutch
jakes,none
jalapeno,Mexican Spanish
jalopy,none
jalousie,French
jam,none
jam,none
jam,none
Jamaica,Arawakan
jamb,French
jambalaya,French
jamboree,American English
James,Middle English
Jamesian,none
jams,none
Jane,French
Janet,Middle English
jangle,French
jangle,French
janitor,Latin
janitorial,none
janizary,Turk
Jankin,Middle English
Jansenism,none
January,Old North French
Janus,Latin
JAP,none
Jap,Japanese
Japan,Portuguese
Japanese,Japanese
jape,French
jape,none
Japheth,Latin
Japhetic,Indo-European
Japlish,Japanese
japonica,Modern Latin
jar,none
jar,Middle French
jardiniere,French
jargon,French
jarhead,none
jarl,none
jasmine,French
Jason,Greek
jasper,Anglo-French
Jasper,English
jaundice,French
jaunt,French
jaunty,French
java,Sanskrit
javelin,Middle French
javelot,none
jaw,French
jaw,none
jaw-breaker,none
jawbone,none
jay,Old North French
jay,American English
jaybird,none
Jaycee,American English
jayhawker,American English
jaywalking,American English
jazz,none
jazz,American English
Jazz Age,Scot.
jazzbo,none
Jazzercise,none
jazzetry,none
jazzy,none
je ne sais quoi,French
jealous,French
jealously,none
jealousy,French
Jean,French
jean,Middle French
jeans,none
Jedi,none
jeep,American English
jeepers,American English
jeer,Dutch
jeer,none
Jeeves,none
jeez,American English
Jeff,none
Jeffersonian,none
Jeffrey,French
Jehosaphat,American English
Jehovah,Hebrew
Jehovist,none
Jehu,none
jejune,Latin
jejunum,Latin
Jekyll and Hyde,Breton
jell,American English
jellied,none
Jello,none
jelly,French
jelly,none
jellybean,none
jellyfish,none
jellyroll,none
Jemima,Hebrew
Jemmy,Middle English
jennet,Spanish
Jennifer,none
Jenny,none
jeopardise,English
jeopardize,Middle English
jeopardy,Anglo-French
Jephthah,Greek
jerboa,Modern Latin
jeremiad,French
Jeremiah,Late Latin
Jeremy,French
Jericho,Hebrew
jerk,none
jerk,American English
jerk,Turk
jerk,none
jerk off,none
jerkin,Dutch
jerky,American English
jerky,none
jeroboam,Hebrew
Jerome,French
Jerry,German
jerry-built,none
jersey,Latin
Jerusalem,Greek
jess,French
jessamine,Middle English
Jesse,Latin
Jessica,Late Latin
jest,French
jest,Middle English
jester,Anglo-Latin
Jesuit,Modern Latin
Jesus,Old English
jet,French
jet,Middle French
jet,Anglo-French
jet lag,none
jete,French
Jethro,Hebrew
jetsam,Middle English
jettison,Middle English
jetty,French
jeu,French
jeune fille,French
Jew,Anglo-French
jew,Hebrew
jewel,Anglo-French
jeweler,Anglo-French
jewellery,none
jewelry,French
Jewess,French
jewfish,none
Jewish,Old English
Jewry,Anglo-French
jezebel,Hebrew
jib,Dutch
jibber-jabber,none
jibe,none
jibe,none
jiff,none
jiffy,none
jig,Middle French
jigaboo,none
jigger,American English
jiggle,none
jigsaw,American English
jihad,Arabic
Jill,Middle English
jillion,none
jilt,none
jilt,Middle English
Jim Crow,American English
jim-dandy,none
jiminy,none
jimmies,American English
jimmy,none
jimmy,none
jimson weed,American English
jingle,Dutch
jingle,none
jingo,Basque
jingoism,none
jink,Scot.
jinn,Arabic
jinx,American English
jirgah,Persian
jism,none
jitney,American English
jitter,American English
jitterbug,American English
jitters,American English
jittery,American English
jive,American English
jive,none
jive,English
jo,Scot.
Joan,none
job,none
Job,Hebrew
job,none
jobber,none
jobless,none
Jocelin,English
Jocelyn,none
jock,American English
jockey,Scot.
jockey,none
jockstrap,none
jocose,Latin
jocosity,none
jocular,Latin
jocularity,Medieval Latin
jocund,French
jocundity,Late Latin
jod,Medieval Latin
jodhpurs,none
Jody,none
joe,none
Joe Miller,none
joe-pye weed,none
Joel,Hebrew
joey,none
jog,Middle English
jogger,none
jogging,none
joggle,none
Johannine,Latin
John,Medieval Latin
john,none
John Bull,English
John Doe,none
John Hancock,none
John Q. Public,none
Johnny,English
johnny-cake,American English
johnson,none
joie de vivre,French
join,French
joinder,French
joiner,French
joint,French
joint,French
jointed,none
jointly,none
jointure,French
joist,Anglo-Latin
joke,Latin
joke,Latin
joker,none
jokester,none
joky,none
jollification,American English
jollify,none
jolliness,none
jollity,French
jolly,French
jolly boat,Danish
jolt,Middle English
jolt,none
Jonah,Hebrew
Jonas,Late Latin
Jonathan,Hebrew
Jones,American English
jongleur,French
jonquil,French
jook,Scot.
Jordan,none
Jose,Spanish
Joseph,Late Latin
Josephine,French
josh,American English
Joshua,Hebrew
joss,English
jostle,none
jot,Latin
jot,none
jota,Spanish
jotun,Old Norse
jouissance,French
jouk,none
joule,none
jounce,none
journal,Anglo-French
journalism,French
journalist,none
journey,French
journey,Anglo-French
journeyman,American English
joust,French
joust,French
Jove,Latin
jovial,Middle French
joviality,French
Jovian,Latin
jowl,Middle English
jowl,Middle English
joy,French
Joyce,Irish
joyful,none
joyless,none
joyous,Anglo-French
joystick,none
Juan,Spanish
jubate,Latin
jubilance,none
jubilant,Latin
jubilate,Latin
jubilation,French
jubilee,French
Judah,Hebrew
Judaic,Middle French
Judaism,Anglo-Latin
Judas,Latin
Jude,none
Judea,Latin
judge,Anglo-French
judge,Hebrew
judgement,none
judgeship,none
judgment,French
judgmental,none
judicable,Late Latin
judication,Latin
judicative,Latin
judicatory,French
judicature,Medieval Latin
judicial,Latin
judiciary,Latin
judicious,Middle French
Judith,Latin
judo,Japanese
Judy,none
jug,none
jug band,American English
Jugendstil,German
juggernaut,Sanskrit
juggle,French
juggler,Old English
Jugoslavia,none
jugular,Modern Latin
juice,French
juice,none
juicer,none
juicy,none
jujitsu,Japanese
juju,none
juju,French
jujube,Medieval Latin
juke,none
juke,none
jukebox,English
julep,French
Julia,Latin
Julian,Latin
Julie,English
julienne,French
Juliet,Italian
Julius,Latin
July,Anglo-French
jumble,none
jumble,none
jumbo,none
jump,English
jump,none
jumper,French
jumpstart,none
jumpy,none
jun,none
junco,Spanish
junction,Latin
juncture,Latin
June,Latin
Juneau,none
junebug,none
Jungian,none
jungle,Sanskrit
junior,Latin
junior,none
juniority,none
juniper,Latin
Junius,Latin
junk,French
junk,Portuguese
junk,none
junker,German
junket,Medieval Latin
junkie,none
junky,none
Juno,Latin
Junoesque,none
junta,Spanish
junto,Spanish
jupe,French
Jupiter,Latin
Jurassic,French
jurat,Anglo-French
juridical,Latin
jurisdiction,Anglo-Latin
jurisprudence,French
jurist,Middle French
juror,Anglo-Latin
jury,Anglo-Latin
jury,French
jus,French
jussive,Latin
just,French
just,Middle English
justice,French
justiciable,French
justifiability,none
justifiable,French
justification,Late Latin
justified,none
justify,French
Justin,Latin
Justine,Latin
justly,none
justness,none
jut,none
jut,none
jute,Sanskrit
Jute,Old English
juvenal,Latin
juvenescence,none
juvenescent,Latin
juvenile,Latin
juvenilia,Latin
juvenility,Latin
Juventus,none
juxtapose,French
juxtaposition,French
jynx,Modern Latin
-kin,Middle Dutch
K,Greek
k.p.,none
Kaaba,Arabic
kabbalah,none
kabuki,Japanese
Kabul,none
Kabyle,French
kaddish,Aramaic
kaffeeklatsch,German
Kaffir,Arabic
Kafkaesque,German
kafuffle,none
Kahlua,none
kahuna,English
kaiser,Old English
kakistocracy,Greek
Kalashnikov,Russian
kale,Middle English
kaleidoscope,Scot.
kaleidoscopic,none
Kali,Sanskrit
Kama Sutra,Sanskrit
Kamchatka,none
kami,Japanese
kamikaze,Japanese
Kampuchea,English
kanaka,Hawaiian
kangaroo,American English
kanji,Japanese
Kansas,French
Kantian,German
kaolin,French
kapellmeister,German
kapok,Malay
kappa,Greek
kaput,German
karabiner,German
karaoke,Japanese
karat,none
karate,Japanese
Karen,none
Karen,Danish
Karl,none
karma,Sanskrit
karmic,none
karoo,none
karst,German
kart,none
karyo-,Greek
karyotype,Russian
kasbah,none
Kashmir,Sanskrit
katakana,Japanese
katana,Japanese
Kate,Japanese
kathenotheism,German
Katherine,none
Kathmandu,none
Katie,none
katydid,American English
katzenjammer,American English
Kay,none
kayak,Danish
Kayla,none
kayo,none
Kazakhstan,Turk
kazoo,American English
kebab,none
keck,none
Ked,Latin
keel,Scand
keel,Middle English
keel,American English
keelboat,none
keelhaul,Dutch
keelson,Middle English
keen,Old English
keen,Irish
keenly,Old English
keenness,none
keep,Old English
keep,Italian
keeper,none
keepsake,none
kef,Arabic
keg,Scand
keister,German
keld,Old Norse
Kellogg,none
Kelly,Irish
keloid,French
kelp,Middle English
kelpie,Scot.
Kelvin,none
kempt,Old English
ken,Scot.
ken,none
ken,none
kendal,none
Kenelm,Old English
Kennedy,Irish
kennel,Anglo-French
Kenneth,Scot.
kenning,Old English
keno,American English
keno-,Greek
kenosis,Greek
Kent,Old English
Kentucky,Iroquoian
Kenya,none
kepi,French
kept,none
ker-,German
keratin,Greek
kerato-,Greek
kerb,English
kerchief,Anglo-French
kerfuffle,English
kermes,Medieval Latin
kern,French
kernel,Old English
kerosene,Greek
kerygma,Greek
kestrel,Middle French
ketamine,none
ketch,Middle English
ketchup,Malay
ketone,German
ketosis,none
kettle,Old English
kettledrum,none
Kevlar,none
kew,none
kewl,none
kewpie,American English
kex,Latin
key,Old English
key,Spanish
keyboard,none
keyhole,none
Keynesian,none
keynote,American English
keypad,none
keypunch,none
keystone,none
keystroke,none
keyword,none
Keziah,Hebrew
KGB,English
khaki,Urdu
khan,Turk
khanate,none
khedive,Turk
Khmer,French
kibble,none
kibbutz,Hebrew
kibitz,German
kibitzer,none
kibosh,English
kick,Old Norse
kick,none
kick-off,none
kickback,none
kickboxing,none
kicker,none
kickshaw,English
kicksie-wicksie,none
kickstand,none
kicky,none
kid,Scand
kid,none
Kidderminster,none
kiddo,none
kiddy,none
kidnap,none
kidnapper,none
kidney,Old English
kielbasa,Polish
Kiev,Ukrainian
kike,American English
kil,Gaelic
Kilimanjaro,none
Kilkenny,Irish
kill,Old English
kill,American English
kill,none
killable,none
killdeer,American English
killer,none
killing,American English
killjoy,none
kiln,Old English
kilo,none
kilo-,French
kilobyte,none
kilogram,French
kilojoule,none
kiloliter,French
kilolitre,English
kilometer,French
kilometre,English
kilowatt,none
Kilroy,none
kilt,Middle English
kilt,Scand
kilter,English
Kimberley,Old English
Kimberly,none
kimchi,none
kimono,Japanese
kin,Old English
kinase,Greek
kind,Old English
kind,Old English
kind-hearted,none
kinda,none
kindergarten,German
kindergartener,German
kindle,Scand
kindling,none
kindly,Old English
kindly,Old English
kindness,Old English
kindred,Old English
kine,Middle English
kinema,none
kinematics,French
kinesics,Greek
kinesiology,Greek
kinesis,Greek
kinesthesia,Modern Latin
kinesthetic,Greek
kinesthetics,none
kinetic,Greek
kinetics,none
kineto-,Greek
kinfolk,American English
king,Old English
King Kong,none
kings evil,Medieval Latin
kingdom,Old English
kingfisher,none
kingmaker,none
kingpin,none
Kings,none
kingship,none
kink,Dutch
kinkajou,French
kinky,none
kino-,Greek
kinship,none
kinsman,Old English
kiosk,French
kipper,Old English
kir,none
Kiribati,English
kirk,Scot.
kirschwasser,German
kirtle,Old English
kismet,Turk
kiss,Old English
kiss,Old English
kissable,none
kisser,none
kist,Old Norse
kit,Middle Dutch
kit,Old English
kit and caboodle,Dutch
kit-cat,none
kit-fox,none
kitab,Arabic
kitch,none
kitchen,Old English
kitchen sink,none
kitchenette,American English
kite,Old English
kite,American English
kith,Old English
kitsch,German
kitschy,none
kitten,Anglo-French
kittenish,none
kitty,Algonquian
kitty,none
Kiwanis,none
kiwi,none
KKK,none
Klan,none
klatsch,German
klaxon,Greek
Kleagle,none
Kleenex,none
klepto,none
kleptocracy,none
kleptomania,Greek
kleptomaniac,none
klezmer,Hebrew
klieg,none
Klondike,none
kludge,none
klutz,American English
klutzy,none
kn-,German
knack,Low German
knacker,Scand
knackered,none
knap,none
knapsack,Low German
knave,Old English
knavery,none
knavish,none
knead,Old English
knee,Old English
knee,Old English
knee-deep,none
knee-high,none
knee-jerk,none
kneecap,none
kneel,Old English
knell,Old English
knell,Old English
Knesset,Hebrew
knew,Old English
knick-knack,none
Knickerbocker,Dutch
knickers,Dutch
knife,Old English
knife,none
knight,Old English
knight,none
knighthood,Old English
knightly,Old English
knish,Russian
knit,Old English
knitter,none
knitting,none
knob,Scand
knobby,none
knock,Old English
knock,none
knock off,none
knock up,American English
knocker,none
knockoff,none
knockout,none
knoll,Old English
knot,Old English
knot,none
knothead,American English
knothole,none
knotty,none
know,Old English
know,none
know-nothing,none
knowable,none
knowhow,American English
knowing,none
knowingly,none
knowledge,Scand
knowledgeable,Middle English
known,none
knub,Low German
knuckle,German
knuckleball,none
knucklehead,American English
knurl,Middle English
koala,none
koan,Japanese
Kobe,Japanese
Kodak,none
Kodiak,Russian
Koh-i-noor,Persian
kohl,Arabic
kohlrabi,German
koi,Japanese
koine,Greek
koinonia,Greek
kola,none
kolkhoz,Russian
Komodo dragon,none
Komsomol,Russian
kook,American English
kookaburra,none
kooky,American English
kop,Afrikaans
kopeck,Russian
kopje,Dutch
Koran,Arabic
Kore,Greek
Korea,Japanese
kos,Sanskrit
kosher,Hebrew
kowtow,none
kraal,Dutch
kraken,none
Krakow,none
Kraut,German
Krebs cycle,German
Kremlin,Russian
kriegspiel,German
krill,none
kris,Malay
Krishna,Sanskrit
Kriss Kringle,German
Kristallnacht,German
krone,Scand
kroner,none
Krugerrand,none
krummhorn,German
Krupp,German
krypton,Greek
kryptonite,none
Ku Klux Klan,American English
kudos,Greek
kudu,none
kudzu,Japanese
kulak,Russian
kultur,German
Kulturkampf,German
kumquat,Cantonese
kung fu,none
kunst,German
Kuomintang,none
Kurd,none
kurgan,Russian
Kuwait,Persian
kvass,Russian
kvetch,German
kwashiorkor,none
kylix,Greek
kymatology,Greek
Kyoto,Japanese
kyphosis,Greek
kyrie eleison,Greek
-later,Greek
-latry,Greek
-le,Old English
-less,Old English
-let,Middle English
-ling,Old English
-lite,French
-lith,Modern Latin
-logue,French
-logy,Greek
-long,Old Norse
-ly,Old English
-ly,Middle English
-lyse,none
-lysis,Greek
-lytic,Greek
-lyze,none
L,Greek
L.A.,none
L.L.,Latin
l.s.d.,Latin
la,Latin
la-di-da,none
la-la,Old English
La-Z-Boy,none
lab,none
labefaction,Latin
label,French
label,none
labia,Latin
labia majora,Modern Latin
labia minora,Modern Latin
labial,Medieval Latin
labiate,Modern Latin
labio-,Latin
labium,Latin
labonza,American English
labor,French
labor,French
laboratory,Medieval Latin
labored,none
laborer,none
laborious,French
laboriously,none
labour,English
labourer,English
Labrador,Portuguese
labret,Latin
labrum,Latin
laburnum,Latin
labyrinth,Latin
labyrinthine,none
lac,Middle French
lace,French
lace,French
lace-up,none
Lacedaemonian,Latin
lacerate,Latin
laceration,Middle French
lacey,none
laches,Anglo-French
lachrymal,Medieval Latin
lachrymose,Latin
lack,Old English
lack,Middle Dutch
lackadaisical,none
lackey,Middle French
lackluster,Latin
lacklustre,English
laconic,Latin
Lacoste,none
lacquer,French
lacquer,none
lacrosse,American English
lactate,none
lactate,none
lactation,French
lacteal,English
lactic,French
lacto-,Latin
lactose,French
lacuna,Latin
lacunae,none
lacy,none
lad,Scand
ladder,Old English
lade,Old English
laden,none
ladies,none
Ladin,Latin
lading,none
Ladino,Spanish
ladle,Old English
lady,Old English
ladybird,none
ladybug,German
ladylike,Middle English
Laertes,Greek
lag,Scand
lager,American English
laggard,none
lagniappe,American Spanish
lagoon,French
lai,none
laic,French
laid,none
laidly,Scot.
lain,none
lair,Old English
laird,Scot.
laissez-faire,French
laity,Anglo-French
lake,French
lake,French
laker,English
Lakshmi,Sanskrit
lallygag,none
lam,none
lama,Tibetan
Lamarckian,French
Lamaze,French
lamb,Old English
lambada,Portuguese
lambaste,Scand
lambda,Greek
lambency,none
lambent,Latin
Lambert,French
Lambeth,Old English
lambic,French
lambkin,none
lambskin,none
lame,French
lame,Old English
lame,none
lame duck,American English
lame-brain,none
lamely,none
lameness,none
lament,Middle French
lament,Middle French
lamentable,Middle French
lamentation,French
Lamentations,Latin
lamented,none
lamia,Latin
laminate,Latin
lamination,none
Lammas,Old English
lamp,French
lamp-black,none
lamp-post,none
lamp-shade,none
lamplight,none
lampoon,French
lampoon,French
lamprey,French
Lancaster,none
lance,French
lance,French
Lancelot,French
lancer,French
lancet,French
land,Old English
land,none
land,none
landau,German
landed,Old English
landfall,none
landfill,none
landform,German
landing,none
landlady,none
landline,none
landlocked,none
landlord,none
landlubber,none
landmark,Old English
landscape,Dutch
landscape,none
landscaping,none
landslide,American English
landslip,none
landwehr,German
lane,Old English
lang syne,Scot.
language,French
languedoc,French
languet,French
languid,Middle French
languish,French
languor,French
languorous,French
Lanier,French
lank,Old English
lanky,none
lanolin,German
lantern,French
lanthanum,Modern Latin
lanyard,Middle English
Laocoon,Latin
Laodicean,none
Laos,none
lap,Old English
lap,Old English
lap,none
laparoscopy,Greek
lapdog,none
lapel,none
lapful,none
lapidary,French
lapidation,Latin
lapis lazuli,Latin
Laplace,French
Lapland,Swedish
Lapp,none
lappet,Middle English
lapse,Middle French
lapse,Latin
laptop,none
lapwing,Middle English
larboard,Middle English
larcenist,none
larcenous,none
larceny,Anglo-French
larch,German
lard,French
lard,French
larder,Anglo-French
lardy,none
lares,Latin
large,French
largely,none
largeness,none
larger,none
largesse,French
largest,none
lariat,American English
lark,Old English
lark,English
larking,none
larkspur,none
larrup,Dutch
Larry,none
larva,Latin
larvae,none
larval,Latin
laryngeal,Latin
laryngitis,Latin
larynx,Middle French
lasagna,Italian
lascar,Portuguese
lascivious,Middle French
laser,none
lash,none
lash,Middle French
lash,none
lashing,none
lass,Scand
lassitude,Middle French
lasso,American English
last,Old English
last,Old English
last,Old English
last-ditch,Dutch
lastly,none
latch,Old English
latch,none
latchkey,American English
late,Old English
lateen,French
lately,Old English
latency,none
latent,Latin
later,none
lateral,Middle French
Lateran,none
latescent,Latin
latest,none
latex,Latin
lath,Old English
lathe,Scand
lather,Old English
lather,Old English
Latin,Old English
Latin,Old English
Latin America,Latin
Latino,Latin
Latino-,Latin
latitude,French
latitudinarian,Latin
latke,Russian
latrine,Latin
latte,Italian
latter,Old English
latterly,none
lattice,French
latticework,none
Latvia,English
laud,French
laudable,French
laudanum,Modern Latin
laudation,Latin
laudator temporis acti,Latin
laudatory,Middle French
lauds,French
laugh,Old English
laugh,none
laughable,none
laughing,none
laughing-stock,none
Laughlin,Gaelic
laughter,Old English
launch,Old North French
launch,Portuguese
launder,French
laundress,none
laundromat,none
laundry,French
Laura,Italian
Laurasia,none
laureate,Latin
laurel,French
Laurence,French
Laurentian,German
lav,none
lava,Italian
lavage,French
lavalier,French
lavaliere,none
lavation,Latin
lavatory,Latin
lave,Old English
lavender,Anglo-French
lavish,Middle French
lavish,none
law,Old English
law-abiding,none
lawbreaker,none
lawful,Old Norse
lawless,none
lawmaker,none
lawman,Anglo-Latin
lawn,Middle English
lawn,French
lawn mower,none
Lawrence,none
Lawrencium,Modern Latin
lawsuit,none
lawyer,Middle English
lax,Latin
lax,Old English
laxative,French
laxity,Middle French
lay,Old English
lay,French
lay,French
layabout,none
layaway,none
layer,English
layer,none
layette,French
layman,none
layoff,none
layout,none
layover,none
layperson,none
layup,none
laywoman,none
lazar,Medieval Latin
lazaretto,Italian
Lazarus,Greek
laze,none
lazily,none
laziness,none
lazy,Low German
lazybones,none
LCD,none
lea,Old English
leach,Old English
leachate,none
lead,Old English
lead,Old English
lead,none
lead,none
lead-up,none
leaden,Old English
leader,Old English
leaderless,none
leadership,none
leading,none
leading,none
leaf,Old English
leaf,none
leafless,none
leaflet,German
leafy,none
league,Middle French
league,Late Latin
league,none
leak,Middle Dutch
leak,Old Norse
leakage,none
leaky,none
leal,Middle English
lean,Old English
lean,Old English
lean,none
lean-to,none
Leander,Greek
leanness,Old English
leap,Old English
leap,Old English
leap year,none
learn,Old English
learnable,none
learned,none
learning,Old English
lease,Anglo-French
lease,Anglo-French
leash,none
leash,French
least,Old English
leastways,none
leather,Old English
leathern,Old English
leatherneck,none
leathery,none
leave,Old English
leave,Old English
leave-taking,none
leaved,none
leaven,French
leaven,none
Lebanese,none
Lebanon,Semitic
lebensraum,German
lecanomancy,Latin
lech,Gaelic
lech,none
lecher,French
lecherous,French
lechery,French
lecithin,French
lectern,French
lectio difficilior,Latin
lection,French
lector,Late Latin
lecture,Medieval Latin
lecture,none
lecturer,none
LED,none
led,none
lede,none
lederhosen,German
ledge,Middle English
ledger,none
lee,Old English
Lee-Enfield,none
leech,Old English
leech,Old English
leechcraft,Old English
leek,Old English
leer,Middle English
leer,none
leery,German
lees,French
leet,none
leet,Anglo-French
leeward,none
leeway,none
left,Kentish
left,none
left wing,none
left-handed,none
leftish,none
leftism,none
leftist,none
leftover,Old English
leftward,none
lefty,American English
leg,Scand
leg,none
leg up,none
leg-warmer,none
leg-work,none
legacy,French
legal,Middle French
legalese,none
legalistic,none
legality,Middle French
legalization,none
legalize,none
legate,French
legation,French
legato,Italian
legem pone,none
legend,French
legendary,Medieval Latin
legerdemain,Middle French
legging,none
leggy,none
Leghorn,Latin
legibility,none
legible,Late Latin
legion,French
legionnaire,French
legislate,none
legislation,French
legislative,none
legislator,Latin
legislature,none
legit,none
legitimacy,none
legitimate,Middle French
legitimate,Medieval Latin
legitimation,Middle French
legitimism,French
legitimist,French
legitimize,Latin
legless,none
Lego,Danish
legume,French
leguminous,Latin
lei,Hawaiian
Leica,German
Leicester,none
Leila,Arabic
leio-,Greek
leisure,French
leisurely,none
leitmotif,German
lek,Swedish
leman,Middle English
lemma,Greek
lemming,Old Norse
lemniscus,Late Latin
lemon,French
lemon,American English
lemonade,French
lemony,none
lemur,Latin
Lena,none
Lenape,none
lend,Old English
lender,Old English
length,Old English
lengthen,none
lengthways,none
lengthwise,none
lengthy,American English
lenience,none
leniency,none
lenient,Middle French
Lenin,Russian
lenitive,Medieval Latin
lenity,Middle French
lens,Latin
Lent,Old English
Lenten,Old English
lenticular,Late Latin
lentil,French
lento,Italian
Leo,Old English
Leon,Latin
Leonard,French
leonine,French
leopard,French
Leopold,French
leotard,French
leper,Late Latin
Lepidoptera,Modern Latin
lepidopterist,none
leprechaun,Irish
leprosy,Hebrew
leprous,French
lepton,Greek
lesbian,Latin
lesbianism,none
lesbo,none
lese-majesty,Anglo-French
lesion,Middle French
less,Old English
lessee,Anglo-French
lessen,none
lesser,none
lesson,French
lessor,Anglo-French
lest,Middle English
let,Old English
let,Old English
let up,Old English
letch,none
letdown,none
lethal,Late Latin
lethality,none
lethargic,Latin
lethargy,French
Lethe,Greek
Letitia,Latin
Lett,German
letter,French
letter,none
letter,none
lettered,none
letterhead,none
lettering,none
letters,none
lettuce,French
leu,Dutch
leukaemia,none
leukemia,German
leukemic,none
leukocyte,French
lev,none
Levant,Middle French
Levantine,none
levari facias,Latin
levator,Latin
levee,French
levee,French
level,French
level,English
level,none
levelheaded,none
leveller,none
lever,French
leverage,American English
leveret,French
Levi,Hebrew
leviathan,Late Latin
levirate,Latin
Levis,American English
levitate,Latin
levitation,Latin
Leviticus,Late Latin
Levittown,American English
levity,Latin
levo-,French
levy,Anglo-French
levy,Anglo-French
lewd,Old English
Lewis,Anglo-French
lex talionis,Latin
lexeme,none
lexical,Greek
lexico-,Latin
lexicographer,French
lexicography,none
lexicology,none
lexicon,Middle French
ley,none
Leyden jar,German
lez,none
Lhasa apso,Tibetan
liability,none
liable,Anglo-French
liaise,none
liaison,French
liar,Old English
lib,American English
libation,Latin
libel,French
libel,none
libelous,none
liberal,French
liberal,none
liberal arts,Latin
liberalisation,English
liberalism,none
liberality,French
liberalization,none
liberalize,none
liberally,none
liberate,Latin
liberation,Middle French
liberator,Latin
Liberia,Latin
libertarian,none
liberticide,none
libertine,Latin
liberty,French
libidinal,Latin
libidinous,French
libido,English
Libra,Old English
librarian,none
library,Anglo-French
libretto,Italian
Libya,Greek
licence,French
licence,none
license,none
licensee,none
licensure,none
licentious,Medieval Latin
lich,Old English
lichen,Latin
Lichfield,Old English
licit,Middle French
lick,Old English
lick,Scot.
lick,none
lickerish,Middle English
lickety-split,American English
licking,none
lickspittle,none
licorice,Anglo-French
lictor,Latin
lid,Old English
Lido,Italian
lie,Old English
lie,Old English
lie,Old English
lie,none
lie-down,none
Liebfraumilch,German
lied,German
lief,Old English
liege,Anglo-French
lien,Middle French
lieno-,Latin
lier,none
lieu,French
lieutenancy,none
lieutenant,French
life,Old English
life of Riley,American English
life-boat,none
life-size,none
lifeblood,none
lifeguard,German
lifeless,Old English
lifelike,none
lifeline,none
lifelong,none
lifer,none
lifespan,none
lifestyle,none
lifetime,Old English
lifeway,Old English
lift,Old Norse
lift,none
liftoff,American English
ligament,Latin
ligand,Latin
ligate,Latin
ligation,Middle French
ligature,Middle French
light,Old English
light,Old English
light,Old English
light,Old English
light,Old English
light bulb,none
light year,none
light-fingered,none
light-headed,none
light-hearted,none
lighten,none
lighten,none
lightening,none
lighter,Dutch
lighter,none
lighthouse,none
lighting,Old English
lightless,Old English
lightly,Old English
lightness,Old English
lightning,Old English
lights,none
lightweight,none
ligneous,French
ligni-,Latin
lignin,Latin
lignite,French
like,Middle English
like,none
like,Old English
likeable,none
likelihood,none
likely,Old Norse
likeminded,none
liken,none
likeness,Old English
likes,none
likewise,none
Likud,Hebrew
lilac,French
Lilith,Hebrew
Lilliputian,none
lilt,Low German
lily,Old English
lily-livered,none
lily-white,none
Lima,Spanish
lima bean,none
limaceous,Latin
limb,Old English
limb,Latin
limbate,Late Latin
limber,Middle English
limber,Middle English
limber,none
limbic,French
limbless,none
limbo,Latin
limbo,none
Limburger,German
limbus,Latin
lime,Old English
lime,Spanish
lime,Middle English
lime-juicer,none
limelight,none
limerick,English
limestone,none
limey,English
liminal,Latin
limit,French
limit,French
limitary,Latin
limitation,French
limited,none
limitless,none
limn,Middle English
limnology,Greek
limo,American English
Limoges,none
limousine,French
limp,Middle English
limp,none
limpet,Old English
limpid,French
limpidity,French
limy,none
linch,Old English
linchpin,Middle English
Lincoln,English
linden,Old English
Lindy Hop,none
line,Middle English
line,Old English
line,none
lineage,Middle English
lineal,French
lineament,Middle French
linear,French
lineate,Latin
lineate,Latin
lineation,Latin
lined,none
lineman,none
linen,Old English
liner,none
liner,none
linesman,none
lineup,none
ling,German
lingam,Sanskrit
linger,Old English
lingerie,French
lingo,Latin
lingua franca,Italian
lingual,Medieval Latin
linguine,Italian
linguist,Latin
linguistic,French
linguistics,none
liniment,Late Latin
lining,Middle English
link,Old Norse
link,none
link,Medieval Latin
linkage,none
links,Scot.
linnet,Middle French
lino,none
linoleum,English
Linotype,American English
linseed,Old English
linsey-woolsey,none
linstock,Dutch
lint,Old English
lintel,French
Linux,none
Linzertorte,German
lion,French
Lionel,French
lioness,none
lionize,Scot.
lip,Old English
lip,none
lip service,none
lip-read,none
liparo-,Greek
lipase,French
lipid,French
Lipizzan,Italian
lipless,none
lipo-,Greek
lipoma,Latin
liposuction,Greek
lipstick,none
liquefaction,French
liquefy,French
liqueur,French
liquid,French
liquid,none
liquidate,Late Latin
liquidation,Late Latin
liquidator,Latin
liquidity,Late Latin
liquidize,none
liquify,none
liquor,French
liquorice,none
lira,Italian
lisle,French
lisp,Old English
lisp,none
lissome,none
list,Old English
list,Middle English
list,Middle English
list,Old English
list,Old English
list,none
listed,none
listen,Old English
listenable,none
listener,none
Listerine,American English
listing,none
listless,Middle English
lit,Old Norse
lit,none
lit,none
litany,French
lite,none
liter,French
literacy,English
literal,French
literalist,none
literally,none
literary,French
literate,Latin
literati,Latin
literation,Latin
literature,Latin
lith,Old English
lithe,Old English
lithesome,none
lithic,Greek
lithium,Modern Latin
litho-,Greek
lithograph,none
lithography,German
lithology,Modern Latin
lithosphere,none
lithotomy,Late Latin
lithotripsy,Greek
Lithuania,Lithuanian
litigant,French
litigate,Middle French
litigation,Late Latin
litigator,Latin
litigious,Middle French
litmus,Middle Dutch
litotes,Greek
litter,Anglo-French
litter,none
litterateur,French
litterbug,none
littering,none
little,Old English
little,none
littleness,Old English
littoral,Latin
liturgical,Late Latin
liturgy,Middle French
Litvak,Polish
livable,none
live,Old English
live,none
live-in,none
livelihood,Old English
livelily,none
livelong,German
lively,Old English
liven,none
liver,Old English
liver,none
Liverpool,English
liverwort,Old English
liverwurst,American English
livery,Anglo-French
livestock,none
liveware,none
livid,Middle French
living,none
living,Old English
living room,none
livre,French
lixiviate,Modern Latin
lizard,Anglo-French
Lizzie,none
llama,Spanish
Llanfair,none
llano,American Spanish
LLC,none
Llewelyn,none
Lloyd,none
LMAO,none
lo,Old English
loach,French
load,none
load,Old English
loaded,none
loader,none
loaf,Old English
loaf,American English
loafer,German
loam,Old English
loan,Old Norse
loaner,none
loath,Old English
loathe,Old English
loathing,none
loathly,Old English
loathsome,none
lob,Old English
lob,Old English
lobate,Modern Latin
lobby,Medieval Latin
lobby,American English
lobbyist,American English
lobe,Middle French
loblolly,none
lobo,Spanish
lobotomize,none
lobotomy,none
lobster,Old English
loc. cit.,Latin
locable,Latin
local,French
local,none
locale,French
localism,none
localist,none
localitis,none
locality,French
localization,none
localize,none
locally,none
locate,Latin
location,Latin
locative,Latin
locator,Latin
locavore,Latin
loch,Gaelic
lochia,Modern Latin
lock,Old English
lock,Old English
lock,Old English
lock-jaw,none
lock-step,none
lock-up,none
lockable,none
lockdown,American English
locker,Middle English
locket,French
lockout,none
locksmith,none
loco,American English
loco-,Latin
loco-foco,American English
locomote,none
locomotion,English
locomotive,French
locomotor,Latin
locum tenens,Medieval Latin
locus,Latin
locust,French
locust,Greek
locution,Latin
lode,Middle English
loden,German
lodestar,Old Norse
lodestone,none
lodge,French
lodge,French
lodgement,French
lodger,none
lodging,none
loess,German
loft,none
loft,Old English
lofty,none
log,Old Norse
log,none
log,none
log,none
log in,none
loganberry,American English
logarithm,Modern Latin
logarithmic,none
logged,none
logger,none
logger,none
loggerhead,none
loggia,Italian
logging,none
logging,none
loggy,none
logic,French
logical,none
logician,French
login,none
logistic,Medieval Latin
logistics,French
logjam,American English
logo,none
logo-,Greek
logocentric,none
logogram,Greek
logograph,Greek
logogriph,French
logolatry,none
logomachy,none
logon,none
logorrhea,none
logos,Greek
logrolling,American English
logy,American English
loimic,Greek
loin,French
loincloth,none
loiter,Middle Dutch
loitering,none
lol,none
Lola,Spanish
Lolita,none
loll,Middle Dutch
lollapalooza,American English
Lollard,Middle Dutch
lollipop,none
lolly,none
lollygag,American English
Lombard,Late Latin
Lombardic,none
London,Latin
Londoner,none
lone,American English
loneliness,none
lonely,none
loner,none
lonesome,none
long,Old English
long,Old English
long johns,none
long pig,none
long run,none
long shot,none
long-ago,none
long-distance,none
long-headed,none
long-lived,Old English
long-playing,none
long-running,none
long-suffering,Old English
long-term,none
long-winded,Middle English
longanimity,Late Latin
longbow,English
longeron,French
longevity,Late Latin
longhair,none
longhand,none
longhorn,none
longi-,Latin
longing,Old English
longinquity,Latin
longish,none
longitude,Latin
longitudinal,Latin
longship,Old English
longshoreman,none
longstanding,none
longtime,none
longways,none
loo,French
loo,French
looey,American English
loof,Scot.
loofah,Egypt
loogie,none
look,Old English
look,none
look-alike,American English
look-down,none
look-see,English
looker,Old English
looking-glass,none
lookout,none
loom,Old English
loom,Scand
loon,Scand
loon,Dutch
loony,American English
loop,Gaelic
loop,none
loophole,Middle English
loopy,none
loose,Old Norse
loose,none
loose-leaf,none
loosely,none
loosen,none
looseness,none
loot,Sanskrit
looter,none
looting,none
lop,Middle English
lop,none
lope,Old Norse
lopsided,none
loquacious,Latin
loquacity,Latin
loquat,Cantonese
loquitur,Latin
loran,none
lord,Old English
lord,none
Lords,none
lordly,Old English
lordosis,Modern Latin
lordship,Old English
Lordy,none
lore,Old English
Lorelei,German
lorgnette,French
lorimer,French
loris,French
lorn,Old English
Lorraine,Medieval Latin
lorry,none
lory,Malay
Los Angeles,none
lose,Old English
loser,none
loss,Old English
lossy,none
lost,none
lot,Old English
lote,none
loth,none
Lothario,Italian
lotion,French
lottery,Italian
Lottie,none
lotto,French
lotus,Latin
louche,French
loud,Old English
loudly,none
loudmouth,none
loudness,Old English
loudspeaker,none
lough,Irish
Louis,French
Louise,none
Louisiana,French
lounge,none
lounge,Scot.
loupe,French
lour,none
louse,Old English
lousy,American English
lout,Middle English
loutish,none
louver,French
lovable,none
love,Old English
love,Old English
love apple,French
love bird,none
love child,none
loveless,none
lovelily,none
loveliness,none
lovelonging,none
lovelorn,none
lovely,Old English
lovemaking,none
lover,Old English
lovesick,none
lovesome,Old English
lovestruck,none
lovey,none
loving,Old English
lovingly,none
low,Old Norse
low,Old English
low,none
low,none
low,Old English
low key,none
low-budget,none
low-class,none
low-down,American English
low-grade,none
low-life,none
low-profile,American English
lowboy,French
lowbrow,none
lower,Middle English
lower,Middle English
lower,none
lower-case,none
lowercase,none
lowermost,none
lowest,none
Lowestoft,none
lowing,none
lowland,Scot.
lowliness,none
lowly,none
lowness,none
lox,American English
loxo-,Greek
loyal,Middle French
loyalism,none
loyalist,none
loyally,none
loyalty,French
lozenge,French
LP,none
LSD,German
Ltd.,none
luau,Hawaiian
lubber,Scand
lubber,none
lubberly,none
lube,none
Lubish,German
lubric,Middle French
lubricant,Latin
lubricant,Latin
lubricate,Latin
lubrication,none
lubricity,Middle French
lubricous,Latin
lubritorium,none
lucency,none
lucent,Latin
Lucia,none
Lucian,Latin
lucid,Latin
lucidity,French
Lucifer,Old English
luciferase,French
luciferous,Latin
lucifugous,Latin
Lucille,French
Lucina,Latin
Lucite,Latin
Lucius,none
luck,Middle Dutch
luck,American English
luckily,none
luckless,none
lucky,none
lucrative,French
lucre,Latin
Lucretia,Latin
lucubrate,Latin
lucubration,Latin
Lucy,French
Luddite,none
lude,none
ludic,French
ludicrous,Latin
Ludwig,Old High German
luff,French
Luftwaffe,German
lug,Scand
lug,Scot.
luge,French
Luger,German
luggage,none
lugger,Dutch
lugubriosity,Latin
lugubrious,Latin
lugworm,none
luke,Middle English
Luke,Latin
lukewarm,none
lull,Swedish
lull,none
lullaby,Middle English
lulu,none
lumbaginous,Latin
lumbago,Late Latin
lumbar,Modern Latin
lumber,American English
lumber,Scand
lumberjack,English
lumbo-,Latin
lumen,French
Lumiere,French
luminaire,French
Luminal,German
luminal,none
luminance,Latin
luminary,French
luminate,Latin
luminescence,Latin
luminescent,none
luminosity,French
luminous,Latin
lummox,none
lump,Old English
lump,none
lump,none
lumpectomy,none
lumpenproletariat,German
lumpy,none
Luna,Latin
lunacy,English
lunar,French
lunate,Latin
lunatic,French
lunatic,none
lunation,Medieval Latin
lunch,Old English
luncheon,English
luncheonette,American English
lune,Latin
lunette,Middle French
lung,Old English
lunge,French
lunge,none
lungfish,none
lunk,American English
Lupercalia,Latin
lupin,Latin
lupine,French
lupus,Medieval Latin
lurch,French
lurch,Middle English
lurch,none
lure,Anglo-French
lure,none
lurid,Latin
lurk,Scand
lurker,none
luscious,French
lush,French
lush,none
Lusitania,Latin
lusory,Latin
lust,Old English
lust,Old English
luster,Middle French
luster,none
lustful,Old English
lustgarden,German
lustily,none
lustral,Latin
lustre,none
lustrous,none
lustrum,Latin
lusty,none
lute,French
luteal,Latin
luteous,Latin
Lutheran,German
luthier,French
lutz,none
luv,none
lux,Latin
luxe,French
Luxembourg,German
Luxor,Egypt
luxuriance,none
luxuriant,Middle French
luxuriate,Latin
luxurious,French
luxury,French
lycanthrope,Modern Latin
lycanthropy,Greek
lyceum,Latin
Lycra,none
lye,Old English
lying,none
lying,none
lymph,French
lymphadenopathy,Greek
lymphatic,Latin
lymphocyte,Latin
lymphoma,none
lynch,Irish
lynx,Latin
Lyons,Latin
lyre,French
lyric,Middle French
lyrical,none
lyricism,none
lyricist,none
Lysander,Greek
lyse,none
lysergic,none
lysis,Latin
lyso-,Greek
lysol,German
lysosome,none
lysozyme,none
lytic,Greek
-machy,Latin
-mancy,French
-ment,French
-meter,French
-metric,none
-metry,Middle English
-most,Middle English
M,Greek
M.A.S.H.,none
M.D.,Latin
M.E.,Middle English
M.F.N.,none
M.P.,none
ma,none
maam,none
Maat,Egypt
Mabel,none
Mac,Irish
Mac-,Scot.
macabre,French
Macaca,Modern Latin
macadam,Scot.
macadamia,Modern Latin
macadamization,none
macadamize,none
macaque,French
macaroni,Italian
macaronic,Latin
macaroon,French
Macassar,none
Macau,Portuguese
macaw,Portuguese
Macbeth,Gaelic
Maccabees,Late Latin
Macduff,Gaelic
mace,French
mace,French
Mace,none
Macedonia,Latin
Macedonian,Latin
macerate,Latin
maceration,Latin
Mach,none
machete,Spanish
Machiavelli,English
Machiavellian,English
machinable,none
machinate,Latin
machination,French
machinator,Latin
machine,Middle French
machine,French
machine-gun,none
machinery,Greek
machinist,none
machismo,American Spanish
macho,Spanish
machree,Irish
Machu Picchu,Quechua
Mack,none
Mackenzie,Scot.
mackerel,French
Mackinaw,Ojibwa
mackintosh,Gaelic
macrame,French
macro,none
macro-,English
macrobiotic,Greek
macrocephalic,Greek
macrocosm,French
macroeconomic,none
macroeconomics,none
macroinstruction,none
macromolecule,Irish
macron,Greek
macropaedia,none
macrophage,none
macrophotography,none
macroscopic,none
macrospore,none
macula,Latin
macular,none
maculate,Latin
maculate,Latin
maculation,Latin
macule,Latin
mad,Old English
mad,none
Madagascar,Arabic
madam,French
madame,French
madarosis,Latin
madcap,none
madden,none
maddening,none
madder,Old English
madding,none
maddish,none
made,Middle English
Madeira,Portuguese
Madeleine,French
Madeline,French
mademoiselle,French
Madge,none
madhouse,none
Madison,none
Madison Avenue,none
madly,none
madman,none
madness,none
madonna,Italian
madras,Tamil
madrasah,Arabic
Madrid,Spanish
madrigal,Italian
Mae West,none
Maecenas,none
maelstrom,Danish
maenad,Greek
maestro,Italian
maffick,none
mafia,Italian
mag,none
Mag,Middle English
magazine,Middle French
magdalen,none
Magdalene,Latin
mage,Latin
Magellan,Portuguese
Magellanic clouds,Modern Latin
magenta,French
maggot,Middle English
magi,Latin
magic,French
magic,French
magic,none
magical,none
magician,French
Maginot Line,French
magisterial,Medieval Latin
magistral,Latin
magistrate,French
maglev,none
magma,Latin
Magna Carta,Medieval Latin
magna cum laude,Latin
magna mater,Latin
magnanimity,French
magnanimous,Latin
magnate,Late Latin
magnesia,Medieval Latin
magnesium,English
magnet,French
magnetic,Modern Latin
magnetism,Modern Latin
magnetite,German
magnetization,none
magnetize,none
magneto,none
magneto-,Greek
magneto-electric,none
magnetopause,none
magnetosphere,none
magni-,Latin
Magnificat,Latin
magnification,Late Latin
magnificence,French
magnificent,French
magnificently,none
magnifier,none
magnify,French
magniloquence,Latin
magniloquent,Latin
magnitude,Latin
magnitudinous,none
magnolia,Latin
magnum,Latin
magnum opus,Latin
Magnus,Scand
magpie,English
Magrib,Arabic
maguey,Spanish
Magus,Persian
Magyar,Hung
mah-jongg,none
maharajah,Sanskrit
maharishi,Sanskrit
mahatma,Sanskrit
Mahayana,Sanskrit
Mahdi,Arabic
mahogany,Spanish
Mahomet,none
Maia,Latin
maid,Middle English
maiden,Old English
maiden,none
maidenhead,Middle English
maidenhood,Old English
maidenly,none
maidservant,none
mail,French
mail,French
mail,American English
mail,Old English
mail-order,none
mailbag,none
mailbox,American English
mailed,none
maillot,French
mailman,none
maim,French
main,Old English
main,Old English
main line,none
Main Street,none
main-mast,none
Maine,French
mainframe,none
mainland,none
mainline,American English
mainly,none
mainspring,none
mainstay,none
mainstream,none
maintain,Anglo-French
maintainable,none
maintenance,French
maisonette,French
maitre d,none
maitre dhotel,French
maize,Spanish
majestic,none
majesty,French
Majlis,Persian
majolica,Italian
major,Latin
major,French
major,American English
major-domo,Italian
majorette,none
majoritarian,none
majority,Middle French
majorly,none
majuscule,French
make,Old English
make,Old English
make out,none
make up,none
make-believe,none
make-up,none
make-work,American English
makeless,none
makeover,none
maker,none
makeshift,none
makeweight,none
mako,English
mal du siecle,French
mal-,French
malabsorption,none
Malachi,Hebrew
malachite,French
malacia,Latin
maladaptation,none
maladaptive,none
maladjusted,none
maladjustment,none
maladministration,none
maladroit,none
malady,French
Malaga,Spanish
Malagasy,none
malaise,French
malamute,none
malapert,French
malaprop,none
malapropism,none
malapropos,French
malaria,Italian
malarial,none
malarkey,American English
malassimilation,none
malaxation,Late Latin
Malay,Malay
Malayalam,Dravidian
Malaysia,Malay
Malcolm,Old Irish
malcontent,French
maldistribution,none
Maldives,Sanskrit
male,French
male,French
male chauvinism,none
male chauvinist,none
malediction,French
maledictory,Latin
maleducation,none
malefaction,Medieval Latin
malefactor,Latin
malefic,Latin
maleficence,Middle French
maleficent,Latin
maleness,none
malevolence,Middle French
malevolent,Middle French
malfeasance,French
malformation,none
malformed,none
malfunction,none
Mali,French
malic,French
malice,French
malicious,French
maliciously,none
maliciousness,none
malign,French
malign,French
malignancy,none
malignant,Middle French
maligner,none
malignity,French
malinger,French
malison,French
malkin,Serbo-Croatian
mall,French
mallard,French
malleability,none
malleable,Middle French
malleolus,Latin
mallet,French
malleus,Latin
mallow,Old English
malmsey,Middle Dutch
malnourished,none
malnourishment,none
malnutrition,none
malocclusion,none
malodorous,none
malpractice,none
malt,Old English
malt,none
Malta,Latin
Maltese,none
malthouse,Old English
Malthusian,English
maltreat,French
maltreatment,French
maltster,none
malty,none
malversation,French
Malvinas,French
malware,none
mama,none
mamba,none
mambo,American Spanish
Mameluke,Egypt
mamma,Indo-European
mammal,Modern Latin
Mammalia,Modern Latin
mammalian,none
mammary,French
mammo-,Latin
mammogram,none
mammography,none
Mammon,Late Latin
mammoth,Russian
mammy,none
mamzer,Late Latin
man,Old English
man,Old English
man-eater,none
man-hater,Old English
man-like,none
man-of-war,Portuguese
mana,none
manacle,French
manacle,none
manage,Italian
manageability,none
manageable,none
management,none
manager,none
managerial,none
managery,none
manana,Spanish
manatee,Spanish
Manchester,Old English
manchild,none
Manchu,none
Manchuria,none
mancinism,Italian
manciple,French
mandala,Sanskrit
mandamus,Anglo-French
mandarin,Portuguese
mandatary,Latin
mandate,Middle French
mandate,none
mandatory,Late Latin
mandible,Middle French
mandibular,Latin
Mandingo,none
mandolin,French
mandragora,none
mandrake,Medieval Latin
mandrel,French
mandrill,English
mane,Old English
manege,French
Manes,Latin
maneuver,French
maneuver,French
maneuverability,none
maneuverable,none
manful,none
manfully,Old English
manga,Japanese
manganese,French
mange,French
manger,French
mangle,Anglo-French
mangle,Dutch
mango,Portuguese
mangonel,French
mangrove,Spanish
mangy,none
manhandle,none
Manhattan,Dutch
manhole,none
manhood,Old English
mania,Late Latin
maniac,French
maniacal,none
manic,none
Manichaean,Latin
Manichaeism,Latin
manicure,French
manicure,none
manicurist,none
manifest,French
manifest,Latin
manifest,French
manifestation,Late Latin
manifestly,none
manifesto,Italian
manifold,Old English
manifold,Old English
manifold,none
manikin,Dutch
Manila,none
manilla,none
manilla,Spanish
manioc,Tupi
manipulable,none
manipulate,none
manipulation,French
manipulative,none
manipulator,Latin
Manitoba,Algonquian
manitou,Algonquian
mankiller,Old English
mankind,Old English
manliness,none
manly,Old English
manmade,none
manna,Old English
mannequin,French
manner,Anglo-French
mannered,none
mannerism,none
mannerist,none
mannerly,none
manners,none
mannish,Old English
mano a mano,Spanish
manoeuvre,none
manometer,French
manor,Anglo-French
manorial,none
manpower,none
manque,French
mansard,French
manse,Medieval Latin
manservant,none
mansion,French
manslaughter,Old English
mansuetude,Latin
manta,Spanish
manteau,French
mantel,Middle English
mantelpiece,none
mantic,Greek
manticore,Latin
mantilla,Spanish
mantis,Modern Latin
mantissa,Latin
mantle,Old English
mantle,French
mantra,Sanskrit
mantua,French
manual,Latin
manual,French
manually,none
manubrium,Latin
Manuel,none
manufacture,Middle French
manufacture,none
manufacturer,none
manumission,French
manumit,Latin
manure,Anglo-French
manure,none
manuscript,Medieval Latin
Manx,Old Norse
manxome,none
many,Old English
many,Old English
many-headed,none
Mao,French
Maoist,none
Maori,none
map,Middle English
map,none
maple,Old English
MapQuest,none
maquette,French
maquis,French
mar,Old English
maraca,Portuguese
maracas,none
Maranatha,Greek
maraschino,Italian
marasmus,Modern Latin
Maratha,Dravidian
marathon,Greek
maraud,French
marauder,none
marble,French
marble,none
marble,none
marbles,German
marcasite,Medieval Latin
Marcella,Latin
Marcellus,Latin
marcescent,Latin
march,Middle French
march,Old English
March,Anglo-French
march,Middle French
marchen,German
marchioness,Medieval Latin
Marcia,Latin
Marcionite,none
Marcomanni,Latin
Marcus,Latin
Mardi Gras,French
mare,Old English
mare,Latin
mare,Old English
Margaret,French
margaric,French
margarin,French
margarine,French
Margarita,Spanish
margarite,Old English
marge,none
Margery,French
margin,Latin
margin,none
marginal,Medieval Latin
marginalia,Latin
marginalise,English
marginality,none
marginalization,none
marginalize,none
margrave,German
marguerite,French
Maria,Late Latin
mariachi,Mexican Spanish
Marian,Scot.
Marian,French
Marianne,French
Marie Antoinette,none
marigold,Old English
marijuana,Spanish
Marilyn,none
marimba,none
marina,Spanish
marinade,French
marinate,French
marine,Middle French
marine,French
mariner,Anglo-French
Mariolatry,none
Marion,French
marionette,French
marish,French
marital,French
maritime,Middle French
Marius,Latin
marjoram,French
mark,Old English
mark,Old English
mark,Old English
Mark,none
mark-down,none
marked,Old English
markedly,none
marker,Old English
market,Old North French
market,none
marketable,none
marketing,none
marketplace,none
marking,Old English
marksman,Middle English
marksmanship,none
markup,none
marl,French
marlin,none
marlinspike,Middle Dutch
marmalade,Middle French
marmoreal,Latin
marmoset,French
marmot,French
Maronite,Late Latin
maroon,French
maroon,Dutch
marque,Anglo-French
marquee,French
marquetry,French
marquis,French
Marrano,Spanish
marriage,French
marriageable,none
married,none
marrow,Old English
marrowbone,Old English
marrowsky,Polish
marry,French
marry,none
Mars,Latin
Marsala,Arabic
Marseilles,French
Marsellaise,French
marsh,Old English
marshal,French
marshal,none
Marshall plan,none
marshland,Old English
marshmallow,Old English
marshy,none
marsupial,Modern Latin
mart,Middle Dutch
marten,French
Martha,Aramaic
martial,Latin
martial arts,Japanese
Martian,Latin
martin,Scot.
Martin,Latin
martinet,French
martingale,Middle French
martini,Italian
Martinmass,none
martyr,Old English
martyr,Old English
martyrdom,Old English
martyrology,Church Latin
marvel,French
marvel,French
marvellous,none
marvelous,French
Marxism,French
Marxist,French
Mary,Old English
Maryland,English
marzipan,French
mascara,Spanish
mascot,French
masculate,Latin
masculine,French
masculinity,none
maser,none
mash,Old English
mash,Old English
masher,American English
mashie,Scot.
masjid,none
mask,Middle French
mask,none
masochism,German
masochist,none
masochistic,none
mason,French
Mason jar,Latin
Mason-Dixon Line,English
masonic,none
Masonite,none
masonry,French
masque,Middle French
masquerade,French
masquerade,none
mass,French
mass,French
mass,Old English
mass-produce,none
Massa,English
Massachusetts,Algonquian
massacre,Middle French
massacre,Middle French
massage,none
massage,French
masses,none
masseur,French
masseuse,French
massif,French
massive,Middle French
massy,none
mast,Old English
mast,Old English
mastectomy,Greek
master,Old English
master,French
masters degree,none
master-stroke,Dutch
master-work,Dutch
masterful,none
masterly,none
mastermind,none
masterpiece,Dutch
mastery,French
masthead,none
mastic,French
masticable,none
masticate,Late Latin
mastication,French
mastiff,French
mastitis,Latin
masto-,Greek
mastodon,Modern Latin
mastoid,Greek
masturbate,Latin
masturbation,French
masturbator,Latin
mat,Old English
mat,French
mat,French
mat,none
Mata Hari,Malay
matador,Spanish
match,French
match,Old English
match,none
match-girl,Danish
match-head,none
matchbook,none
matchbox,none
matchcoat,Ojibwa
matchless,none
matchlock,none
matchmaker,none
mate,Middle Low German
mate,none
mate,French
mate,Middle French
mater-,Latin
materia medica,Latin
material,French
material,none
materialism,French
materialist,French
materialistic,none
materiality,Modern Latin
materialization,none
materialize,none
materially,none
materiel,French
maternal,French
maternity,French
matey,none
math,American English
math,Old English
mathematic,Latin
mathematical,Latin
mathematician,Middle French
mathematics,none
maths,none
Matilda,French
matin,none
matinee,French
matins,French
matri-,Latin
matriarch,none
matriarchal,none
matriarchy,English
matricide,French
matriculate,Late Latin
matriculation,none
matrifocal,none
matrilineal,none
matrilocal,none
matrimonial,Middle French
matrimony,French
matrix,French
matroclinous,Greek
matron,French
matronly,none
matronymic,Latin
matte,French
matte,none
matted,none
matter,Anglo-French
matter,none
matter-of-fact,Latin
Matterhorn,German
matterless,none
matters,none
Matthew,French
Matthias,Late Latin
matting,none
matting,none
mattock,Old English
mattress,French
maturate,none
maturation,Middle French
mature,Latin
mature,Latin
maturely,none
maturescent,Latin
maturity,Middle French
matutinal,Latin
matzah,none
matzoh,Hebrew
Mau Mau,none
Maud,French
maudlin,Middle English
maul,Middle English
maul,French
maulstick,Dutch
maunder,French
Maundy Thursday,Middle English
Maurice,French
Mauser,German
mausoleum,Latin
mauvais,French
mauve,French
maven,Hebrew
maverick,none
mavis,French
maw,Old English
mawkish,Middle English
mawworm,none
max,none
maxi-,none
maxilla,Latin
maxillary,Latin
maxim,Middle French
Maxim,none
maximal,Latin
maximalist,Russian
Maximilian,Latin
maximise,English
maximization,none
maximize,English
maximum,French
maximum,none
may,Old English
May,French
may,none
May Day,none
Maya,none
maybe,none
mayday,English
Mayfair,none
mayflower,none
mayhap,none
mayhem,Anglo-French
mayo,none
mayonnaise,French
mayor,French
mayoral,none
mayoralty,Middle French
mayorship,none
maypole,none
maze,Old English
mazel tov,Hebrew
mazuma,Hebrew
mazurka,Russian
mazy,none
McCarthyism,Irish
McConnell,Irish
McCoy,Scot.
McFarland,Irish
McGuffeys,none
McIntosh,Gaelic
McMillan,Irish
McQueen,Irish
me,Old English
mea culpa,Latin
mead,Old English
mead,Old English
meadow,Old English
meadowy,none
meager,French
meagerly,none
meagerness,none
meagre,English
meal,Old English
meal,Old English
mealtime,none
mealy,none
mealy-mouthed,Old English
mean,Old English
mean,Old English
mean,French
mean,none
mean,Anglo-French
mean-spirited,Greek
meander,Latin
meander,none
meanie,none
meaning,none
meaningful,none
meaningless,none
meanly,none
meanness,none
means,French
meant,none
meantime,none
meanwhile,none
meany,none
measles,Middle English
measly,none
measurability,none
measurable,French
measure,French
measure,French
measured,none
measurement,none
meat,Old English
meatball,none
Meath,Irish
meathead,none
meatless,Old English
meaty,none
Mecca,Arabic
mechanic,Latin
mechanic,Latin
mechanical,none
mechanics,Late Latin
mechanism,Modern Latin
mechanization,none
mechanize,none
mechanized,none
mechano-,Greek
meconic,Greek
meconium,Latin
med,none
medal,none
medal,Middle French
medalist,none
medallion,French
meddle,Old North French
meddler,none
meddlesome,none
meddling,none
Mede,Latin
Medea,Latin
medevac,none
media,English
mediaeval,none
medial,Late Latin
medial,none
medially,none
median,Middle French
median,Latin
mediant,Italian
mediate,Latin
mediation,Medieval Latin
mediator,Late Latin
medic,Latin
medicable,Latin
Medicaid,none
medical,French
medical,none
medicament,Middle French
Medicare,none
medicaster,Latin
medicate,Late Latin
medication,Middle French
medicinal,French
medicine,French
medico,Spanish
medico-,Latin
medico-legal,none
medieval,English
medievalism,none
medievalist,none
medievally,none
medio-,Latin
mediocre,Middle French
mediocritization,none
mediocritize,none
mediocrity,Middle French
meditate,Latin
meditation,French
meditative,Late Latin
Mediterranean,Late Latin
medium,Latin
medium,Latin
medlar,French
medley,French
medulla,Latin
medusa,English
meek,Scand
meek,none
meekly,none
meekness,none
meerkat,Dutch
meerschaum,German
meet,Old English
meet,Old English
meet,none
meeting,Old English
meeting-house,none
Meg,none
mega-,Greek
megabucks,none
megabyte,none
megacity,none
megacycle,none
megadeath,none
megahertz,none
megalith,none
megalithic,none
megalo-,Greek
megalocardia,none
megalomania,French
megalomaniac,none
megalomaniacal,none
megalopolis,Greek
megaphone,Greek
megapixel,none
megaspore,none
megaton,none
megavolt,none
megawatt,none
megillah,Hebrew
megrim,none
meh,none
Meiji,Japanese
mein,none
meiosis,Greek
meistersinger,German
Mekong,Thai
melancholia,Modern Latin
melancholiac,none
melancholic,Late Latin
melancholy,French
melancholy,none
Melanesia,none
Melanesian,none
melange,French
melanin,Modern Latin
melanism,none
melano-,Greek
melanoma,Latin
melanosis,Latin
melatonin,Greek
Melba,none
Melbourne,Old English
Melchior,Hebrew
Melchizedek,Hebrew
meld,English
melee,French
meliorate,Late Latin
melioration,Late Latin
meliorism,Latin
melisma,Greek
Melissa,Latin
mell,French
mellifluent,Middle French
mellifluous,Late Latin
Mellotron,none
mellow,Middle English
mellow,none
melodeon,German
melodic,French
melodious,French
melodise,none
melodize,none
melodrama,French
melodramatic,none
melody,French
melon,French
Melpomene,Latin
melt,Old English
melt,American English
meltdown,none
Melvin,Old English
member,Latin
membership,none
membrane,Latin
membranous,Middle French
meme,Greek
memento,Latin
memento mori,Latin
memo,none
memoir,Anglo-French
memoirs,none
memorabilia,Latin
memorability,none
memorable,Middle French
memorandum,Latin
memorial,French
memorial,French
Memorial Day,none
memorialize,none
memorious,French
memorise,English
memorization,none
memorize,none
memory,Anglo-French
Memphis,Egypt
men,none
menace,French
menace,French
menacing,none
menage,French
menage a trois,none
menagerie,French
menarche,German
mend,French
mend,none
mendable,none
mendacious,Middle French
mendacity,Middle French
mendelevium,Modern Latin
Mendelism,none
mender,none
mendicancy,French
mendicant,Latin
mendicant,Latin
Menelaeus,Latin
menfolk,none
menhaden,Algonquian
menhir,French
menial,Anglo-French
menial,none
meningeal,Modern Latin
meninges,Middle French
meningitis,Modern Latin
meniscus,Modern Latin
Mennonite,none
Menominee,Algonquian
menopausal,none
menopause,French
menorah,Hebrew
mens rea,Latin
mens sana in corpore sano,Latin
mensa,Latin
mensal,Latin
mensal,Late Latin
mensch,German
menses,Latin
Menshevik,Russian
menstrual,French
menstruate,Latin
menstruation,Late Latin
menstruous,French
mensurable,Late Latin
mensural,Medieval Latin
mensuration,Middle French
mental,Middle French
mentalist,none
mentality,none
mentally,none
mentation,Latin
menthol,German
mentholated,none
mention,French
mention,Middle French
mentor,Greek
mentor,none
menu,French
meow,French
Mephisto,none
Mephistopheles,German
mephitic,Late Latin
Mercalli,Italian
mercantile,French
mercantilism,French
Mercator,Flemish
Mercedes,Spanish
Mercedes-Benz,none
mercenary,French
mercenary,Latin
mercer,French
merchandise,Anglo-French
merchandise,none
merchandiser,none
merchandizing,none
merchant,Anglo-French
merchant,French
Mercia,Latin
merciful,none
merciless,none
mercurial,none
mercuric,none
Mercury,Latin
mercury,Medieval Latin
mercy,French
merde,French
mere,French
mere,Old English
merely,none
merengue,French
merestone,Old English
meretricious,Latin
merganser,Modern Latin
merge,Latin
merger,French
meridian,French
meringue,French
merino,Spanish
merism,Modern Latin
meristem,Greek
merit,French
merit,Middle French
merited,none
meritless,none
meritocracy,none
meritorious,Latin
merkin,none
merle,French
merlin,Anglo-French
Merlin,French
merlon,French
mermaid,Middle English
merman,none
mero-,Greek
Merovingian,French
merrily,Old English
merriment,none
merry,Old English
merry man,none
Merry Widow,English
merry-andrew,none
merry-go-round,Middle English
merrymaking,none
merrythought,none
mesa,Spanish
mesalliance,French
mescal,Mexican Spanish
mescaline,German
mesdames,French
meseems,none
mesel,French
mesenteritis,none
mesentery,Latin
mesh,Old English
mesh,none
meshuga,Hebrew
mesial,Greek
mesic,Greek
mesmeric,none
mesmerise,English
mesmerism,French
mesmerize,none
mesne,French
meso-,Greek
Mesoamerica,none
mesocracy,none
mesoderm,French
mesolithic,none
mesomorph,Greek
meson,Greek
Mesopotamia,Greek
mesosphere,none
Mesozoic,Greek
mesquite,Mexican Spanish
mess,French
mess,American English
message,French
message,none
messaging,none
Messalina,none
messenger,French
Messerschmitt,German
messiah,Late Latin
messianic,Modern Latin
Messier,French
messmate,none
messrs,French
messuage,Anglo-Latin
messy,none
mestizo,Spanish
Met,none
met,none
meta-,Greek
metabolic,German
metabolism,French
metabolize,Greek
metacarpus,Modern Latin
metacommunication,none
metal,French
metal,none
metallic,Middle French
metallurgy,Modern Latin
metamathematics,none
metamorphic,none
metamorphism,none
metamorphize,Greek
metamorphose,Middle French
metamorphosis,Latin
metanalysis,Danish
metanoia,Greek
metaphor,Middle French
metaphoric,Greek
metaphorical,none
metaphrastic,Greek
metaphysic,Medieval Latin
metaphysical,Medieval Latin
metaphysician,Middle French
metaphysics,Middle English
metapolitics,none
metastasis,Late Latin
metastasise,English
metastasize,none
metatarsal,Modern Latin
metathesis,Late Latin
metathesize,none
mete,Old English
mete,French
metempsychosis,Late Latin
meteor,Middle French
meteoric,none
meteorite,none
meteoroid,English
meteorological,Middle French
meteorologist,Greek
meteorology,French
meter,Old English
meter,French
meter,French
meter,none
meth,none
methadone,none
methamphetamine,none
methane,none
methanol,none
methaqualone,none
Methedrine,none
methinks,Old English
method,Latin
methodical,Middle French
Methodist,none
methodize,none
methodological,none
methodology,French
Methusela,Hebrew
methyl,German
methylene,French
metic,Greek
meticulous,Latin
meticulously,none
meticulousness,none
metier,French
Metis,Greek
metis,French
metonym,none
metonymy,French
metre,English
metric,French
metric,Greek
metrical,Latin
metricize,none
metrics,none
Metro,French
Metroliner,none
metronome,English
metronymic,Greek
metropolis,Late Latin
metropolitan,Late Latin
metropolitan,Late Latin
metropolitanism,none
metrosexual,none
mettle,none
mettlesome,none
mew,German
mew,Old English
mew,French
mewl,none
mews,none
Mexican,none
Mexico,Spanish
mezuzah,Hebrew
mezzanine,French
mezzo,Italian
mezzo-soprano,none
mezzotint,none
MGM,none
MI5,none
MIA,none
Miami,Spanish
miasma,Modern Latin
mic,none
mica,Latin
micacious,Late Latin
Micah,Hebrew
Micawber,none
mice,Old English
Michael,Late Latin
Michaelmas,English
Michelin,French
Michigan,Ojibwa
mick,Irish
mickey,none
Mickey Finn,none
Mickey Mouse,none
mickle,Old English
Micmac,Algonquian
micro-,Latin
micro-organism,none
microbe,French
microbial,Modern Latin
microbiologist,none
microbiology,English
microcephalic,French
microchip,none
microcircuit,none
microclimate,none
microcomputer,none
microcosm,Middle French
microeconomics,none
microelectronics,none
microfiche,French
microfilm,none
micrography,none
microinstruction,none
micrology,Greek
micromanage,none
micromania,Greek
micrometer,none
micron,French
Micronesia,Italian
microphone,Greek
microprocessor,none
microscope,Modern Latin
microscopic,none
microscopy,none
microsecond,none
Microsoft,none
microspore,none
microsurgery,none
microtia,Latin
microwavable,none
microwave,English
micturate,none
micturition,Latin
mid,Old English
Mid East,none
mid-air,none
mid-course,none
Midas,Phrygian
midday,Old English
midden,Scand
middle,Old English
middle,Old English
middle age,none
Middle Ages,Latin
middle class,none
Middle East,none
middle passage,none
middlebrow,none
middleman,none
middlemost,none
Middlesex,none
Middletown,none
middleweight,none
middling,Scot.
middy,none
Midgard,German
midge,Old English
midget,American English
Midi,French
MIDI,none
midland,none
midlife,none
midmost,Old English
midnight,Old English
midpoint,none
midriff,Old English
midshipman,none
midst,Middle English
midstream,Old English
midsummer,Old English
midway,Old English
Midwest,none
midwife,Middle English
midwifery,none
midwinter,Old English
mien,Middle English
miff,German
miff,none
miffed,Scot.
miffy,none
MiG,Russian
might,Old English
might,Old English
mightily,Old English
mightiness,Old English
mighty,Old English
mignon,French
migraine,French
migrant,Latin
migrant,none
migrate,Latin
migration,Latin
migratory,Latin
mikado,none
mil,Latin
Milan,Gaulish
milch,Old English
mild,Old English
mildew,Old English
mildly,Old English
mildness,Old English
Mildred,Old English
mile,Old English
mileage,none
milestone,none
MILF,none
Milicent,Old High German
milieu,French
militancy,none
militant,Middle French
militant,none
militarism,French
militarist,none
militaristic,none
military,Middle French
military,none
militate,Latin
militia,Latin
militiaman,none
milk,Old English
milk,Old English
milk of magnesia,none
milkmaid,none
milkman,none
milksop,Middle English
milktoast,none
milkweed,none
milky,none
Milky Way,Latin
mill,Old English
mill,Latin
mill,none
mill,none
mill-race,none
mill-wheel,Old English
millage,none
millenarian,Latin
millenary,Latin
millennia,none
millennial,none
millennialism,none
millennium,Modern Latin
miller,Old English
millet,Middle French
milli-,Latin
milliard,French
milligram,French
milliliter,French
millimeter,French
milliner,Italian
millinery,none
milling,none
million,French
millionaire,French
millionfold,none
millionth,none
millipede,Latin
millisecond,none
millstone,Old English
millstream,Old English
millwork,none
millwright,none
milquetoast,French
milt,Old English
mime,French
mime,Greek
mimeograph,Greek
mimesis,Greek
mimetic,Greek
mimic,Latin
mimic,none
mimic,Latin
mimicry,none
mimosa,Modern Latin
mina,none
minacious,Latin
minaret,French
minatory,Middle French
mince,French
mince,none
mincemeat,none
mincing,none
mind,Old English
mind,none
mind-boggling,none
minded,none
mindful,Old English
mindless,Old English
mindset,none
mine,Old English
mine,French
mine,none
mine,French
mine,none
mine-sweeper,none
minefield,none
miner,French
mineral,Medieval Latin
mineral,French
mineralogy,French
Minerva,Greek
minestrone,Italian
Ming,none
minge,none
mingle,Middle English
mini,English
mini-,none
mini-series,none
miniature,Italian
miniature,none
miniaturist,none
miniaturization,none
miniaturize,none
minie ball,French
minim,Latin
minimal,Latin
minimalise,English
minimalist,English
minimalize,none
minimally,none
minimise,English
minimization,none
minimize,none
minimum,Latin
minimum,none
minimus,Latin
mining,none
minion,Middle French
miniscule,none
miniskirt,French
minister,French
minister,French
ministerial,Middle French
ministerium,Latin
ministration,French
ministry,French
miniver,French
mink,Scand
minke,English
minnesinger,German
Minnesota,Siouan
minnow,Old English
Minoan,none
minor,Latin
minor,Latin
minority,Middle French
Minotaur,Greek
minster,Old English
minstrel,French
minstrelsy,Anglo-French
mint,Old English
mint,Old English
mint,none
mint,none
minty,none
minuend,Latin
minuet,French
minus,Latin
minus,none
minuscule,French
minute,French
minute,Latin
minuteman,none
minutes,Latin
minutia,Latin
minutiae,Latin
minx,Middle Dutch
Miocene,Greek
miosis,Greek
Mir,Russian
mirabile dictu,Latin
miracle,French
miraculous,Middle French
mirage,French
Miranda,Latin
Miranda,none
mire,Scand
mire,none
mirepoix,French
Miriam,Hebrew
mirror,French
mirror,Middle English
mirth,Old English
mirthful,none
mirthless,none
miry,none
miryachit,Russian
mis-,Old English
mis-,French
misadventure,French
misaligned,none
misalignment,none
misandry,none
misanthrope,Greek
misanthropic,none
misanthropy,Greek
misapplication,none
misapprehend,none
misapprehension,none
misappropriate,none
misappropriation,none
misattribution,none
misbefall,none
misbegotten,none
misbehave,none
misbehavior,none
misbetide,none
misborn,Old English
miscalculate,none
miscalculation,none
miscall,none
miscarriage,none
miscarry,none
miscast,none
miscegenate,none
miscegenation,American English
miscellaneous,Latin
miscellany,Latin
mischance,French
mischance,none
mischief,French
mischievous,none
miscible,Medieval Latin
miscommunication,none
misconceive,none
misconception,none
misconduct,none
misconstrue,none
miscount,French
miscount,none
miscreant,French
miscreant,French
miscredit,none
miscue,none
misdate,none
misdeal,none
misdeed,Old English
misdemeanor,Middle English
misdiagnose,none
misdiagnosis,none
misdial,none
misdirect,none
misdirection,none
misdivision,none
misdo,Old English
misdoubt,none
mise en scene,French
miseducate,none
miseducation,none
miser,Latin
miserable,French
miserably,none
Miserere,Latin
miserly,none
misery,French
misestimate,none
misfeasance,Middle French
misfield,none
misfire,none
misfit,none
misfortune,none
misgiving,Middle English
misgovern,none
misgovernance,none
misgovernment,none
misguidance,none
misguide,none
misguided,none
mishandle,none
mishap,French
mishappen,none
mishear,Old English
mishmash,none
Mishnaic,Hebrew
misidentification,none
misidentify,none
misinform,none
misinformation,none
misinformed,none
misinterpret,none
misinterpretation,none
misjudge,none
misjudgement,none
misjudgment,none
mislabel,none
mislay,none
mislead,Old English
misleading,none
mislike,Old English
mismanage,none
mismanagement,none
mismatch,none
mismatch,none
mismeasure,none
misname,none
misnomer,Anglo-French
miso,Japanese
miso-,Greek
misogamist,none
misogamy,Modern Latin
misogynism,none
misogynist,Greek
misogynistic,none
misogyny,Modern Latin
misoneism,Greek
misperception,none
misplace,none
misplay,none
misprint,none
misprision,Anglo-French
mispronounce,none
mispronunciation,none
misquote,none
misread,none
misremember,none
misreport,none
misrepresent,none
misrepresentation,none
misrule,none
misrule,none
miss,Old English
miss,none
miss,Old English
missal,French
missel,Old English
misshapen,none
missile,French
missing,none
mission,Latin
missionary,Polish
missionary,Modern Latin
Mississippi,French
missive,Medieval Latin
Missouri,Siouan
misspeak,Old English
misspell,none
misspend,none
misstate,none
misstatement,none
misstep,none
missus,none
missy,none
mist,Old English
mist,Old English
mistake,Scand
mistake,none
mistaken,none
mister,none
misthink,Old English
mistime,Old English
mistletoe,Old English
mistral,French
mistranslate,none
mistranslation,none
mistreat,none
mistreatment,none
mistress,French
mistrial,none
mistrust,none
mistrust,none
misty,Old English
misunderstand,none
misunderstanding,none
misunderstood,none
misuse,none
misuse,none
MIT,none
mite,Old English
mite,Middle Dutch
miter,none
miter,none
Mithras,Persian
mithridate,Medieval Latin
mithril,English
mitigant,Latin
mitigate,Latin
mitigating,none
mitigation,Latin
mitochondria,German
mitochondrion,none
mitosis,German
mitrailleuse,French
mitral,French
mitre,French
mitt,none
mitten,French
Mitty,none
mitzvah,Hebrew
mix,Middle English
mix,none
mix-up,none
mixed,none
mixer,none
mixo-,Greek
mixologist,none
mixture,French
miz,none
mizzen,Middle French
mnemonic,Greek
mnemonics,none
Mnemosyne,Greek
mnesic,Greek
mnestic,Greek
mo,none
mo,Old English
moa,none
moan,Old English
moan,Old English
moat,French
mob,none
mob,Latin
mob-cap,Dutch
mobile,Middle French
Mobile,Spanish
mobile,none
mobilisation,English
mobilise,English
mobility,French
mobilization,French
mobilize,French
Mobius,German
Mobius strip,none
mobocracy,none
mobster,none
moccasin,Algonquian
mocha,none
mock,French
mock,none
mock,none
mocker,none
mockery,French
mockingbird,none
mockup,none
mod,none
mod,none
modal,Middle French
modality,French
mode,Latin
mode,French
model,Middle French
model,none
model,none
modeling,none
modem,none
Modena,Italian
moderate,Latin
moderate,Latin
moderate,none
moderately,none
moderation,French
moderator,Latin
modern,Middle French
modern,none
modernism,none
modernist,none
modernistic,none
modernity,Medieval Latin
modernization,none
modernize,French
modest,Middle French
modesty,Middle French
modicum,Scot.
modification,Middle French
modifier,none
modify,French
modish,none
modist,none
modular,French
modularity,none
modulate,Latin
modulation,French
modulator,Latin
module,Middle French
modus,Latin
modus operandi,Latin
modus vivendi,Latin
mody,none
Moeris,Egypt
Mogadishu,Arabic
Mogen David,Hebrew
mogul,Persian
mogul,Scand
mohair,Middle French
Mohammed,English
Mohammedan,none
Mohawk,Iroquoian
Mohican,Algonquian
moiety,French
moil,French
moil,none
Moira,Greek
moire,French
moist,French
moisten,French
moistener,none
moisture,French
moisturize,none
moisturizer,none
Mojave,none
mojo,none
moke,none
mola,Latin
mola,Latin
molar,Latin
molar,none
molasses,Portuguese
mold,French
mold,Old Norse
mold,Old English
mold,none
moldable,none
Moldavia,Latin
Moldavian,none
molded,none
molder,none
molder,none
molding,none
Moldova,none
moldwarp,German
moldy,none
mole,Old English
mole,none
mole,Middle French
mole,German
molecular,French
molecule,French
molehill,none
moleskin,none
molest,French
molestation,French
molester,none
Moll,none
mollification,French
mollified,none
mollify,French
mollusc,none
Mollusca,Modern Latin
mollusk,French
molly,Dutch
Molly,none
Molly Maguire,Irish
mollycoddle,none
Moloch,Latin
Molotov cocktail,Finnish
molt,Old English
molten,Old English
moly,none
molybdenum,Greek
mom,American English
moment,French
momentarily,none
momentary,Latin
momently,none
momento,none
momentous,none
momentum,Latin
momma,American English
mommy,none
Momus,Latin
momzer,Hebrew
Mona,Irish
Mona Lisa,none
monad,Late Latin
monarch,Middle French
monarchic,Middle French
monarchism,French
monarchist,none
monarchy,French
monastery,French
monastic,Middle French
monasticism,none
Monday,Old English
mondo,Italian
monetarist,none
monetary,Late Latin
monetise,English
monetization,none
monetize,Latin
money,French
money-bag,none
money-maker,none
money-pit,Scot.
moneyed,Middle English
moneyless,none
moneyocracy,none
mong,none
monger,Old English
monger,Old English
Mongol,none
Mongolian,none
mongoloid,none
Mongoloid,none
mongoose,Portuguese
mongrel,Old English
monicker,none
monies,none
moniker,Coptic
monism,Modern Latin
monist,Greek
monition,French
monitor,Latin
monitor,none
monitory,Latin
monk,Old English
monkey,Middle Low German
monkey,none
monkey-shines,American English
monkish,none
monkshood,none
mono,none
mono-,Greek
monoceros,French
monochromatic,none
monochrome,Greek
monocle,French
monocular,Late Latin
monoculture,none
monogamous,Medieval Latin
monogamy,French
monogeny,none
monogram,French
monogram,none
monograph,none
monokini,Greek
monolith,French
monolithic,none
monologue,French
monomania,French
monomaniac,none
monomer,Greek
monometallic,none
mononuclear,none
mononucleosis,Modern Latin
monophonic,Greek
Monophysite,Church Latin
monoplane,none
monopolistic,none
monopolize,none
monopoly,Latin
monopolylogue,none
monorail,none
monosyllabic,none
monosyllable,Latin
monotheism,Greek
monotheist,none
monotheistic,none
monotone,none
monotonous,Greek
monotony,French
monotype,none
monoxide,none
Monroe Doctrine,none
mons,Latin
monseigneur,French
monsieur,French
monsignor,Italian
monsoon,Dutch
monster,French
monstrosity,Late Latin
monstrous,Middle French
montage,French
montagnard,French
Montana,Latin
Montanist,none
monte,Spanish
Monte Carlo,Italian
Monte Carlo fallacy,none
Montenegro,Italian
Monterey,Spanish
Montessori,Italian
Montezumas revenge,Spanish
month,Old English
monthly,Old English
Montmartre,Latin
Montreal,French
monument,French
monumental,Late Latin
monumentalize,none
moo,none
mooch,French
moocher,none
mood,Old English
mood,none
moodiness,Old English
moody,Old English
Moog,none
moolah,American English
moon,Old English
moon,none
moon-calf,none
moon-dog,none
moon-shot,none
moon-up,none
moonbeam,none
moonglow,none
Moonie,none
moonless,none
moonlight,none
moonlight,none
moonlit,none
moonrace,none
moonraker,none
moonrise,none
moonscape,none
moonshine,none
moonstruck,Greek
moonwalk,none
moony,none
moor,Old English
moor,Old English
Moor,French
mooreeffoc,none
mooring,none
moorings,none
Moorish,none
moorland,Old English
moose,Algonquian
moot,Old English
moot,none
moot,Old English
mop,French
mop,none
mope,Low German
moped,Swedish
moppet,Middle English
mopstick,none
moraine,French
moral,French
moral,French
morale,French
moralist,none
moralistic,none
morality,French
moralize,French
morals,none
morass,Dutch
moratoria,Latin
moratorium,Late Latin
Moravia,Medieval Latin
Moravian,German
moray,Portuguese
morbid,Latin
morbidity,none
mordacious,Latin
mordant,Middle French
Mordecai,Hebrew
more,Old English
morel,French
morello,Latin
moreover,none
mores,Latin
Moresco,Italian
Morgan,none
morganatic,French
morgen,Dutch
morgue,French
moribund,Middle French
Morisco,Spanish
morituri te salutant,Latin
Mormon,English
morn,Middle English
morning,Old English
Moro,Malay
morocco,French
Morocco,Italian
moron,Latin
moronic,none
morose,Latin
morosely,none
moroseness,Middle French
morph,none
morpheme,German
Morpheus,Greek
morphic,Greek
morphine,French
morphinomania,none
morpho-,Greek
morphodite,none
morphogenesis,none
morphology,German
morphosis,Modern Latin
Morris,none
morris dance,Flemish
morrow,none
Morse code,none
morsel,French
mort,none
mort,French
mortal,French
mortal,Latin
mortality,French
mortally,none
mortar,French
mortar,French
mortar,Middle French
mortarboard,French
mortgage,French
mortgage,none
mortgagee,none
mortgagor,Latin
mortician,American English
mortification,Late Latin
mortified,none
mortify,French
Mortimer,none
mortise,French
mortise,none
mortmain,Anglo-French
Morton,none
mortuary,Anglo-French
mortuary,Late Latin
Morus,Latin
mosaic,French
Mosaic,Modern Latin
mosasaurus,Latin
Moscow,Russian
Moselle,Latin
Moses,Hebrew
mosey,American English
mosh,none
Moslem,none
mosque,Middle French
mosquito,Spanish
moss,Old English
mossback,none
mossy,none
most,Old English
Mosul,Arabic
mot,French
mote,Old English
motel,none
motet,French
moth,Old English
mothball,none
mothball,none
mother,Old English
mother,none
mother,Middle Dutch
Mother Goose,French
Mother Hubbard,none
mother of pearl,Medieval Latin
mother-in-law,none
motherfucker,none
motherhood,none
motherland,none
motherless,Old English
motherly,Old English
MothersDay,none
mothership,none
motif,French
motile,none
motility,French
motion,French
motion,none
motionless,none
motivate,French
motivation,none
motivational,none
motivator,Latin
motive,French
motive,French
motiveless,none
motley,Anglo-French
moto-,Latin
motocross,none
motor,Latin
motor,none
motor-,none
motor-boat,none
motorcade,none
motorcar,none
motorcycle,none
motorist,Scot.
motorize,none
motorway,none
Motown,none
mottle,none
mottle,none
mottled,none
motto,Italian
moue,French
mould,English
moulder,none
mouldy,none
moult,none
mound,Old English
mound,none
mount,French
mount,none
mount,Anglo-French
mountain,French
mountaineer,none
mountainous,French
mountebank,Italian
mounted,none
Mountie,none
mourn,Old English
mourner,none
mournful,none
mourning,Old English
mouse,Old English
mouse,none
mouse-hole,none
mouser,none
mousetrap,Old English
mousse,French
moustache,none
mousy,none
mouth,Old English
mouth,Old English
mouth-watering,none
mouthful,none
mouthpiece,none
mouthwash,none
mouthy,none
mouton enrage,French
movable,French
move,Anglo-French
move,English
movement,French
mover,none
movie,none
movies,none
mow,Old English
mow,Old English
mower,none
moxie,none
Mozarab,Spanish
mozzarella,Italian
mpg,none
mph,none
Mr.,French
Mrs.,French
Ms.,none
MS.,Latin
Mstislav,Slav.
much,Middle English
muchly,Middle English
muchness,Middle English
mucilage,French
mucilaginous,Medieval Latin
muck,Scand
muck,none
muck-a-muck,Chinook
muckluck,none
muckraker,none
mucose,Latin
mucous,Latin
mucus,Middle English
mud,Middle Low German
mud-flap,none
mudder,none
muddle,Dutch
muddle,none
muddy,none
muddy,none
mudhole,none
mudsill,none
muenster,German
muesli,German
muezzin,Arabic
muff,Dutch
muff,none
muffin,Low German
muffle,Middle French
muffle,none
muffler,none
mufti,Turk
mug,Scand
mug,none
mug,none
mug,none
mugger,none
mugging,none
muggins,none
muggle,none
Muggletonian,English
muggy,Scand
Mughal,none
mugshot,none
mugwort,Old English
mugwump,American English
Muhammad,Arabic
mujahidin,Persian
mulatto,Spanish
mulberry,Middle High German
mulch,Middle English
mulch,none
mulct,Middle French
mule,Old English
mule,Middle French
muleteer,Middle French
mulish,none
mull,Middle English
mull,Dutch
mull,Scot.
mullah,Turk
mullein,Anglo-French
mullet,Anglo-French
mullet,French
Mulligan,Gaelic
mulligrubs,none
mullion,Middle English
multi-,Latin
multi-millionaire,none
multi-ply,none
multi-use,none
multicellular,none
multicolored,none
multicultural,none
multiculturalism,none
multidimensional,none
multidisciplinary,none
multifaceted,none
multifactorial,none
multifarious,Latin
multiflora,Latin
multifloral,Late Latin
multiform,French
multiformity,Late Latin
multilateral,Latin
multilateralism,none
multilayer,none
multilevel,none
multilineal,none
multilingual,Latin
multimedia,none
multimodal,none
multinational,none
multiparous,Modern Latin
multipartite,Latin
multiphase,none
multiple,French
multiple sclerosis,none
multiplex,Latin
multiplicable,Latin
multiplicand,Latin
multiplication,French
multiplicative,Medieval Latin
multiplicity,Middle French
multiplier,none
multiply,French
multipolar,none
multiprocessor,none
multipurpose,none
multiracial,none
multistory,none
multitasking,none
multitude,French
multitudinous,Latin
multivalent,Latin
multivariate,Latin
multiverse,none
mum,Middle English
mum,none
mum,none
mumble,none
mumble,none
mumblety-peg,none
mumbo jumbo,Mandingo
mummer,Middle French
mummery,French
mummification,none
mummify,French
mummy,Medieval Latin
mummy,none
mumps,Dutch
mun,Old Norse
munch,French
Munchausen,German
munchies,none
Munchkin,Scot.
mundane,French
mundanity,Middle French
mundungus,Spanish
Munich,German
municipal,Middle French
municipality,French
munificence,Middle French
munificent,Latin
munition,Middle French
Munsell,none
Munster,none
Muppet,none
mural,Latin
murder,Old English
murder,Old English
murderer,French
murderous,Old English
murex,Latin
Muriel,Irish
murine,Latin
murk,Old Norse
murky,none
murmur,French
murmur,French
murmuring,none
Murphy,Gaelic
Murphys law,none
murrain,Anglo-French
muscat,French
Muscat,Arabic
muscatel,French
muscle,Middle French
muscle,none
muscle-bound,none
muscle-man,none
muscled,none
Muscovy,French
muscular,Latin
muscularity,Modern Latin
musculature,French
musculo-,Latin
musculoskeletal,none
muse,French
muse,French
musette,French
museum,Latin
mush,none
mush,French
mush,none
mushiness,none
mushroom,Anglo-French
mushroom,none
mushy,none
music,French
musical,Middle French
musical,none
musicale,French
musicality,none
musician,French
musicianship,none
musico-,Latin
musicology,none
musing,none
musk,French
muskeg,none
muskellunge,Algonquian
musket,Middle French
musketeer,French
musketry,French
Muskoegan,none
muskrat,Algonquian
musky,none
musky,none
Muslim,Arabic
muslin,French
muss,none
mussel,Old English
Mussulman,Turk
mussy,none
must,Old English
must,Old English
must,none
must,Urdu
must,none
mustache,French
mustachioed,Spanish
mustang,Mexican Spanish
mustard,French
mustee,Spanish
mustelid,Modern Latin
musteline,Latin
muster,French
muster,French
mustnt,none
musty,none
mutability,Middle French
mutable,Latin
mutagen,none
mutant,Latin
mutate,Latin
mutation,French
mutatis mutandis,Latin
mute,French
mute,none
mute,none
muted,none
mutely,none
muteness,none
mutilate,Latin
mutilation,Scot.
mutineer,French
mutinous,none
mutiny,Middle French
mutiny,none
mutism,French
mutt,English
Mutt and Jeff,none
mutter,Old Norse
mutter,none
mutton,French
mutual,Middle French
mutual,none
mutualism,French
mutualistic,none
mutuality,none
mutually,none
muumuu,Hawaiian
Muzak,none
muzzle,French
muzzle,none
muzzy,none
mwah,none
my,none
myalgia,Modern Latin
Myanmar,English
myasthenia,Latin
Mycenaean,Latin
myco-,Greek
mycology,none
mycosis,Latin
myelin,German
myelo-,Greek
myeloma,Greek
Mylar,none
mynah,Sanskrit
myo-,Greek
myocardium,Latin
myology,none
myomancy,Greek
myope,French
myopia,Latin
myopic,none
myriad,Middle French
myriad,none
myrmidon,Latin
myrrh,Old English
myrtle,French
myself,Old English
mysophobia,Greek
MySpace,none
mystagogue,Latin
mysterious,Latin
mystery,Anglo-French
mystery,Medieval Latin
mystic,French
mystic,Middle English
Mystic,Algonquian
mystical,none
mysticism,none
mystification,French
mystified,none
mystify,French
mystique,French
myth,French
mythic,Late Latin
mythical,none
mythological,Late Latin
mythology,Middle French
mythopoeic,Greek
myxo-,Greek
-ness,Old English
-nik,Russian
N,Middle English
n.b.,Latin
n.g.,none
NAACP,none
Naaman,Hebrew
nab,Scand
nabob,Arabic
nacelle,French
nacho,none
nachos,none
nacre,Middle French
nacreous,none
nad,none
nada,Spanish
Naderism,none
nadir,Medieval Latin
nae,Scot.
naeve,Latin
naff,none
NAFTA,none
nag,Scand
nag,Dutch
naga,Sanskrit
Nagasaki,Japanese
nah,American English
Nahuatl,Spanish
naiad,Latin
naif,French
nail,Old English
nail,Old English
nailery,none
naissance,Middle French
naissant,French
naive,French
naivete,French
nake,none
naked,Old English
Nam,none
namaste,Sanskrit
namby-pamby,English
name,Old English
name,Old English
nameless,Dutch
namely,none
nameplate,none
namesake,none
Nan,none
nana,none
nance,none
Nancy,Middle English
nankeen,none
Nanking,none
nanny,Greek
nanny,none
nano-,Greek
nanometer,none
nanosecond,none
nanotechnology,none
Nantucket,Algonquian
Naomi,Hebrew
nap,Middle Dutch
nap,Old English
nap,none
nap,none
Napa,none
napalm,none
nape,French
naphtha,Latin
naphthalene,English
napkin,French
Naples,Italian
Napoleon,French
napping,Old English
nappy,none
narc,American English
narcissism,German
narcissist,none
narcissistic,none
narcissus,Latin
narco-,Latin
narcolepsy,French
narcomania,none
narcosis,Modern Latin
narcotic,French
narcotic,Middle French
nard,French
nare,none
nares,Latin
narghile,French
nark,Sanskrit
Narragansett,Algonquian
narrate,Latin
narration,French
narrative,Middle French
narrative,Middle French
narrator,Latin
narrow,Old English
narrow,Old English
narrow,Old English
narrow-minded,Middle English
narrowly,Old English
narrows,none
narthex,Greek
narwhal,Danish
nary,none
NASA,none
nasal,French
NASCAR,none
nascent,Latin
NASDAQ,none
Nashville,German
nasopharynx,Latin
Nassau,German
nasturtium,Latin
nasty,French
natal,Latin
Natalie,French
natality,French
natant,Latin
Natasha,Russian
natation,Latin
natatorial,Latin
natatorium,Latin
natch,none
Natchez,none
Nathan,Hebrew
Nathaniel,Late Latin
nation,French
national,Middle French
nationalism,French
nationalist,none
nationality,French
nationalization,none
nationalize,none
nationhood,none
nationwide,none
native,French
native,Medieval Latin
nativism,none
nativity,French
nativize,none
NATO,none
natron,French
natter,none
natterjack,none
natty,Middle English
natural,French
natural,Middle English
natural-born,none
naturalism,none
naturalist,French
naturalistic,none
naturality,French
naturalization,Middle French
naturalize,Middle French
naturally,none
naturalness,none
nature,French
naturist,none
naturopathy,Greek
naufragous,Middle French
Naugahyde,Algonquian
naught,Old English
naughty,Old English
Nauru,none
nausea,Latin
nauseant,Latin
nauseate,Latin
nauseous,none
nautical,Middle French
nautilus,Latin
Navajo,Spanish
naval,French
Navarre,Latin
nave,Medieval Latin
nave,Old English
navel,Old English
navicular,Late Latin
navigable,French
navigate,Latin
navigation,Middle French
navigational,none
navigator,Latin
navvy,none
navy,French
nay,Scand
naysayer,none
Nazarene,Late Latin
Nazareth,Hebrew
Nazi,German
Nazism,French
ne plus ultra,Latin
neer,none
neer-do-well,Scot.
neal,none
Neanderthal,German
neap,Middle English
Neapolitan,Latin
near,Old English
near,none
near-sighted,none
nearby,none
nearly,none
neat,Anglo-French
neat,Old English
neaten,none
neath,none
neatnik,none
neato,American English
neb,Old English
nebbish,American English
Nebraska,Siouan
Nebuchadnezzar,Hebrew
nebula,Latin
nebular,none
nebulizer,Latin
nebulosity,French
nebulous,Latin
necessarily,none
necessary,French
necessary,French
necessitarian,none
necessitate,Medieval Latin
necessitation,none
necessity,French
neck,Old English
neck,Middle English
neckerchief,none
necking,none
necklace,none
neckless,none
neckline,none
necktie,American English
necro-,Latin
necrology,none
necromancer,French
necromancy,French
necrophilia,none
necrophobia,none
necropolis,Late Latin
necropsy,none
necrosis,Greek
nectar,Latin
nectarine,German
Ned,none
nee,French
need,Old English
need,Old English
needful,none
needle,Old English
needle,none
needlepoint,none
needless,none
needlework,none
needs,Old English
needways,Scot.
needy,Dutch
neep,Scot.
neese,Scot.
nefandous,Latin
nefarious,Latin
negate,Latin
negation,French
negative,French
negative,French
negativism,none
negativity,none
negatory,Middle French
negentropy,none
neglect,Latin
neglect,Latin
neglected,none
neglectful,none
neglection,Latin
negligee,French
negligence,French
negligent,French
negligible,none
negotiable,French
negotiate,Latin
negotiation,French
negotiator,Latin
negress,French
negrification,none
negritic,none
negritude,French
Negro,Spanish
negroid,Greek
Negrophile,none
Negrophobe,none
Negrophobia,none
Negus,none
Nehemiah,Persian
Nehru,none
neigh,Old English
neighbor,Old English
neighbor,none
neighborhood,American English
neighborly,none
neighbour,English
neighbourhood,English
Neil,Gaelic
neither,Old English
nekton,German
Nelly,none
nelson,none
nem. con.,Latin
nematocyst,Greek
Nematoda,Modern Latin
nematode,Modern Latin
Nembutal,none
Nemean,Greek
nemesis,Greek
nemo,Latin
neo-,Greek
neo-classical,English
neo-conservative,none
neo-liberal,none
neo-natal,none
neocolonialism,none
neocon,none
neolithic,none
neolocal,none
neologism,French
neon,Greek
neonate,Latin
neonatology,none
neophyte,Church Latin
neoplasia,none
neoplasm,German
Neoplatonism,none
neoteny,German
neoteric,Late Latin
Nepal,Sanskrit
nepenthe,Greek
nephew,French
Nephilim,none
nephrectomy,none
nephridium,Modern Latin
nephritis,Late Latin
nephro-,Greek
nephrolithiasis,German
nephrology,none
nephron,German
nepotism,French
Neptune,Latin
Neptunian,none
neptunium,none
nerd,none
nerdy,none
Nereid,Greek
nerf,none
neritic,German
nertz,American English
nerve,French
nerve,none
nerve-racking,none
nerve-wracking,none
nervous,Latin
nervy,none
nescience,Late Latin
nescient,Latin
nesh,Old English
ness,Old English
Nessie,none
nest,Old English
nest,Old English
nesting,none
nestle,Old English
nestling,none
Nestor,Greek
Nestorian,Latin
net,Old English
net,French
net,none
net,none
nether,Old English
Netherlands,Dutch
netherworld,none
netiquette,none
netizen,none
nettle,Old English
nettle,none
nettled,none
nettlesome,none
network,none
network,none
Neufchatel,none
neural,Greek
neuralgia,Greek
neurasthenia,Latin
neuritis,Greek
neuro-,Greek
neuroglia,Latin
neurologist,none
neurology,Modern Latin
neuron,German
neuropathy,none
neuroscience,none
neurosis,Scot.
neurosurgeon,none
neurotic,Greek
neuroticism,none
neurotransmitter,none
neuter,none
neuter,Latin
neutral,Middle French
neutral,Latin
neutrality,Middle French
neutralization,none
neutralize,French
neutrino,Italian
neutron,none
Nevada,Spanish
neve,French
never,Old English
never-ending,none
never-was,none
nevermind,American English
nevermore,none
nevertheless,Middle English
Nevin,Irish
new,Old English
New Age,none
New England,English
New Jersey,none
New Orleans,French
New Wave,French
New Years Eve,Scot.
New York,none
New Zealand,Dutch
new-made,none
newbie,Middle English
newborn,none
newcomer,Old English
newel,French
newfangled,Old English
newfound,none
Newfoundland,none
Newgate,none
newish,none
newly,Old English
newlywed,Greek
newness,Old English
news,French
news,none
newsboy,none
newscast,none
newsgroup,none
newsie,none
newsletter,none
newspaper,none
Newspeak,English
newsprint,none
newsreel,none
newsstand,none
newsworthy,none
newsy,none
newt,Middle English
Newton,none
next,Old English
next-door,none
nexus,Latin
Nez Perce,French
niacin,none
Niagara,Iroquoian
nib,Scot.
nibble,Low German
nibble,none
Nibelungenlied,German
niblick,none
nibs,none
Nicaragua,Spanish
nice,French
nicely,none
Nicene,Greek
niceness,none
nicety,French
niche,French
Nicholas,French
nick,Middle French
nick,none
Nick,none
nickel,Swedish
nickelodeon,Greek
nicker,none
nickname,Old English
nicky-tam,Scot.
nicotine,French
nicotinic,none
nictitate,Medieval Latin
nidicolous,Modern Latin
nidification,Latin
nidus,Latin
niece,French
Nielsen,none
Nietzschean,German
nieve,Scot.
nifty,none
nig,American English
nig-nog,none
Nigel,none
Niger,Latin
Nigeria,none
nigga,none
niggard,French
niggardly,none
nigger,Scot.
niggerhead,none
niggle,Scand
nigh,Old English
night,Old English
night-hawk,none
night-light,none
night-night,none
night-owl,American English
night-watch,Old English
night-work,Old English
nightcap,American English
nightclub,none
nightfall,none
nightgown,none
nightie,none
nightingale,Old English
nightjar,Old English
nightlong,Old English
nightly,Old English
nightmare,Middle Dutch
nightmarish,none
nightshade,Old English
nightspot,none
nightstick,none
nighttime,none
nigra,none
nihil,Latin
nihilism,German
nihilist,French
nihility,Medieval Latin
Nike,Greek
nil,Latin
Nile,Semitic
nill,Old English
Nilo-,none
nim,Old English
nimble,Old English
nimbly,none
nimbostratus,Modern Latin
nimbus,Latin
nimby,American English
nimiety,Latin
Nimrod,none
Nimzo-Indian,none
Nina,Russian
nincompoop,Latin
nine,Old English
ninefold,Old English
ninepins,none
nines,none
nineteen,Old English
nineteenth,Old English
nineties,none
ninetieth,Old English
ninety,Old English
ninny,Italian
ninnyhammer,none
ninth,Old English
Niobe,Greek
niobium,German
nip,none
nip,Middle Low German
nip,Dutch
nipper,none
nipple,none
Nipponese,Japanese
nippy,none
nirvana,Sanskrit
nisei,Japanese
nit,Old English
nite,none
niter,none
nitpick,none
nitpicker,none
nitrate,French
nitre,French
nitric,French
nitrification,French
nitro,none
nitro-,Greek
nitrogen,French
nitroglycerine,none
nitrous,Latin
nitty,none
nitty-gritty,American English
nitwit,German
nix,German
nix,none
nixie,Scot.
Nixon,English
no,Old English
no-account,American English
no-fault,none
no-frills,none
no-go,none
no-good,none
no-hitter,none
no-mans-land,Old English
no-name,American English
no-no,none
no-nonsense,none
no-parking,none
no-place,none
no-show,none
no-smoking,none
no-win,none
No.,Latin
Noah,Hebrew
nob,none
Nobel,Swedish
nobelium,none
nobility,French
noble,French
noble,French
nobleman,none
noblesse,French
nobly,none
Nobodaddy,none
nobody,Middle English
nociceptive,Latin
nock,Scand
nock,none
nocturn,French
nocturnal,French
nocturne,French
nocuous,Latin
nod,Old English
nod,none
nodal,none
node,Latin
nodular,none
nodule,Latin
Noel,French
noesis,Greek
noetic,Greek
nog,none
noggin,American English
Noh,Japanese
nohow,American English
noise,French
noise,none
noiseless,none
noisome,French
noisy,none
noli me tangere,Latin
noll,Old English
nolle prosequi,Latin
nolo contendere,Latin
nom,French
nomad,Middle French
nomadic,none
Nome,none
nomenclature,Middle French
nomenklatura,Russian
nomial,none
nominal,Latin
nominalism,French
nominally,none
nominate,Latin
nomination,Middle French
nominative,French
nominator,Late Latin
nominee,none
nomothetic,Greek
non compos mentis,Latin
non sequitur,Latin
non-,Anglo-French
non-aggression,none
non-aligned,none
non-com,none
non-combatant,none
non-combustible,none
non-committal,none
non-compliance,none
non-conforming,none
non-conformist,none
non-conformity,English
non-consensual,none
non-denominational,none
non-disjunction,none
non-entity,none
non-essential,none
non-Euclidean,none
non-event,none
non-exclusive,none
non-existence,none
non-existent,none
non-fat,none
non-fiction,none
non-intervention,none
non-invasive,none
non-judgmental,none
non-linear,none
non-member,none
non-metal,none
non-partisan,American English
non-perishable,none
non-polar,none
non-political,none
non-profit,none
non-proliferation,none
non-renewable,none
non-residence,none
non-resident,none
non-resistance,none
non-returnable,none
non-sectarian,none
non-smoker,none
non-standard,none
non-stop,none
non-toxic,none
non-vascular,none
non-verbal,none
non-violence,none
non-violent,none
non-volatile,none
nona-,Latin
nonage,French
nonagenarian,English
nonagon,Latin
nonce,Middle English
nonce-word,none
nonchalance,French
nonchalant,French
nondescript,Latin
none,Old English
nones,Latin
nonesuch,none
nonet,Italian
nonetheless,none
nonfeasance,none
nonpareil,Middle French
nonplus,Latin
nonplussed,none
nonsense,French
nonsensical,none
nonsuch,none
noob,none
noodle,German
noodle,none
nook,Old English
nookie,Dutch
noon,Old English
noonday,none
noose,French
nopal,American Spanish
nope,none
nor,Middle English
Nora,Irish
Nordic,French
norepinephrine,none
Norfolk,none
norm,French
Norma,Latin
normal,Late Latin
normalcy,none
normality,French
normalization,none
normalize,none
normally,none
Norman,Scand
Normandy,none
normative,French
Norn,Old Norse
Norse,Dutch
north,Old English
North Sea,Old English
North Star,Middle English
north-bound,none
north-easter,none
northeast,Old English
northerly,none
northern,Old English
Northumbria,Latin
northward,Old English
northwest,Old English
Norway,Old English
Norwegian,Medieval Latin
nose,none
nose,Old English
nose job,none
nose-bleed,none
nose-dive,none
nose-ring,none
nosegay,none
nosey,none
nosh,Middle High German
noso-,Greek
nosocomial,Latin
nosology,Modern Latin
nostalgia,Modern Latin
nostalgic,none
Nostradamus,Latin
Nostratic,Latin
nostril,Old English
nostrum,Latin
nosy,Anglo-French
not,English
nota bene,Latin
notabilia,Latin
notability,French
notable,French
notarize,none
notary,French
notate,Latin
notation,Middle French
notch,Middle French
notch,Middle English
note,French
note,Latin
note-paper,none
notebook,none
noted,none
notepad,none
noteworthy,none
nother,Old English
nothing,Old English
nothingness,none
notice,Middle French
notice,Scot.
noticeable,none
notification,French
notify,French
notion,Latin
notional,Medieval Latin
notions,American English
notochord,English
notoriety,Middle French
notorious,Medieval Latin
notwithstanding,Medieval Latin
nougat,French
nought,Old English
noumenal,none
noumenon,Greek
noun,Anglo-French
nourish,French
nourishing,none
nourishment,French
nous,Greek
nouveau riche,French
nouvelle,French
nouvelle cuisine,French
nova,Latin
novate,Latin
novation,Latin
novel,French
novel,Italian
novelist,Italian
novelize,none
novella,none
novelty,French
November,French
novena,Medieval Latin
novice,French
novitiate,Middle French
novocain,German
Novus Ordo Seclorum,none
now,Old English
nowadays,Middle English
nowhere,Old English
nowhither,Old English
noxious,Latin
nozzle,none
nth,none
nuance,French
nuance,none
nuanced,English
nub,none
nubbin,American English
nubby,none
Nubia,Coptic
Nubian,Medieval Latin
nubile,French
nuchal,Latin
nuclear,French
nucleation,Latin
nucleic,German
nucleolus,Latin
nucleotide,German
nucleus,Latin
nuclide,none
nude,Latin
nude,French
nudge,Scand
nudge,Slav.
nudge,none
nudie,none
nudism,French
nudist,French
nudity,French
nudnik,Polish
nuff,American English
nugatory,Latin
nugget,none
nuisance,Anglo-French
nuke,none
null,Middle French
nullification,Late Latin
nullifidian,Latin
nullify,Late Latin
nulliparous,Latin
nullity,French
numb,Old English
numb,none
number,Anglo-French
number,French
numbles,French
numbness,none
numbnuts,none
numbskull,none
numen,Latin
numerable,Latin
numeracy,Latin
numeral,Middle French
numerate,Latin
numeration,Latin
numerator,Late Latin
numerical,Latin
numerology,Latin
numerous,Latin
Numidia,Latin
numinous,Latin
numismatic,French
numismatics,none
numismatist,French
nun,Old English
nuncheon,Old English
nuncio,Italian
nunnery,none
nuptial,Middle French
nuptials,none
Nuremberg,German
nurse,French
nurse,none
nurse,Middle English
nursery,French
nursing,none
nursling,none
nurturance,none
nurture,French
nurture,none
nut,Old English
nut-cracker,none
nutation,Latin
nuthatch,none
nutmeg,Old North French
nutria,Spanish
nutrient,Latin
nutriment,Latin
nutrition,French
nutritionist,none
nutritious,Latin
nutritive,French
nuts,none
nutshell,none
nutter,none
nutting,none
nutty,none
nuzzle,none
nycto-,Latin
nyctophobia,Latin
nylon,none
nylons,none
nymph,French
nymphette,none
nympho,none
nympholepsy,Greek
nymphomania,English
nymphomaniac,none
nystagmus,Latin
-ocracy,none
-oholic,none
-oid,Latin
-oidal,none
-ol,Latin
-ola,none
-ologist,none
-ology,none
-oma,Greek
-on,none
-one,Greek
-oon,English
-or,Middle English
-ory,Middle English
-ose,French
-ose,Latin
-osis,Latin
-osity,French
-our,none
-ous,French
o,none
O,none
O,Irish
oclock,Middle English
oer,none
O.D.,none
oaf,Scand
oafish,none
oak,Old English
oaken,none
oakum,Old English
oar,Old English
oarlock,none
oasis,French
oat,Old English
oater,none
oath,Old English
oatmeal,Middle English
ob-,Latin
Obadiah,Hebrew
obbligato,Italian
obduracy,none
obdurate,Latin
obduration,Latin
obeah,Twi
obedience,French
obedient,French
obeisance,French
obelisk,Middle French
Oberon,French
obese,Latin
obesity,French
obey,French
obfuscate,Latin
obfuscation,Latin
Obie,none
obit,Middle French
obiter,Latin
obiter dictum,Latin
obituary,Medieval Latin
object,Medieval Latin
object,French
objectification,none
objectify,Medieval Latin
objection,French
objectionable,none
objective,Medieval Latin
objective,French
objectivism,none
objectivity,Medieval Latin
objet,French
objurgate,Latin
objurgation,Latin
oblate,Medieval Latin
oblate,Medieval Latin
oblation,French
obligate,Latin
obligation,French
obligatory,French
oblige,French
obliged,none
obligee,none
obliging,none
obligor,Latin
oblique,Middle French
obliquity,Middle French
obliterate,Latin
obliteration,Late Latin
obliviate,Latin
oblivion,French
oblivious,Latin
oblong,Latin
obloquy,Late Latin
obnoxious,Latin
obnubilate,Latin
obo,none
oboe,Italian
obol,Greek
obscene,Middle French
obscenity,French
obscurant,Latin
obscurantism,German
obscurantist,none
obscuration,Latin
obscure,French
obscure,Middle French
obscurity,Middle French
obsecration,Latin
obsequies,none
obsequious,Middle French
obsequy,French
observable,Latin
observance,French
observant,French
observation,Latin
observative,Latin
observatory,French
observe,French
observer,none
obsess,Latin
obsessed,none
obsession,French
obsessive,none
obsidian,Latin
obsolesce,Latin
obsolescence,none
obsolescent,Latin
obsolete,Latin
obstacle,French
obstetric,Modern Latin
obstetrician,Latin
obstetrics,none
obstinacy,Medieval Latin
obstinance,Medieval Latin
obstinate,Latin
obstipation,Latin
obstreperous,Latin
obstruct,Latin
obstruction,Latin
obstructionism,none
obstructionist,none
obstructive,Latin
obtain,Middle French
obtainable,none
obtrude,Latin
obtrusion,Latin
obtrusive,Latin
obtund,English
obtuse,Middle French
obverse,Latin
obviate,Late Latin
obviation,Medieval Latin
obvious,Latin
oc-,none
ocarina,Italian
Occams razor,English
occasion,French
occasion,French
occasional,none
occasionally,none
Occident,French
occidental,French
occipital,Middle French
Occitan,French
occlude,Latin
occlusion,Medieval Latin
occlusive,Latin
occult,Middle French
occultation,Latin
occultism,none
occupancy,none
occupant,Middle French
occupation,French
occupational,none
occupied,none
occupier,none
occupy,French
occur,Middle French
occurrence,Middle French
ocean,French
Oceania,Modern Latin
oceanic,French
oceanographer,none
oceanography,English
ocelot,French
ocher,none
ochlocracy,French
ochre,French
octa-,Greek
octagon,Latin
octagonal,none
octahedron,Greek
octane,none
octant,Late Latin
octave,Anglo-French
Octavia,Latin
Octavian,Latin
octavo,Latin
octo-,Latin
October,Latin
Octobrist,Russian
octogenarian,French
octopod,Latin
octopus,Greek
octoroon,Latin
octuple,Latin
ocular,Late Latin
oculist,French
oculus,Latin
oda,Turk
odalisque,French
odd,Old Norse
oddball,none
odditorium,none
oddity,none
oddly,none
oddments,Latin
oddness,none
odds,none
ode,Middle French
odeon,Greek
odeum,Latin
odiferous,none
Odin,Scand
odious,Anglo-French
odium,Latin
odometer,French
odor,Anglo-French
odoriferous,Latin
odorous,Medieval Latin
odour,English
Odysseus,Greek
odyssey,Latin
oe,Greek
OED,English
Oedipal,Greek
Oedipus,Greek
oeillade,French
oeno-,Greek
oenology,none
oenophile,French
oesophagus,none
oestrogen,none
oestrus,none
oeuvre,French
of,Old English
of-,none
ofay,American English
off,Old English
off,none
off-and-on,none
off-base,American English
off-beat,none
off-Broadway,none
off-camera,none
off-chance,none
off-color,American English
off-colour,none
off-duty,none
off-hand,none
off-key,none
off-limits,none
off-line,none
off-load,Dutch
off-peak,none
off-putting,none
off-ramp,none
off-road,none
off-season,none
off-shore,American English
off-site,none
off-stage,none
off-street,none
off-white,none
offal,Middle Dutch
offence,none
offend,French
offender,Anglo-French
offense,French
offensive,Middle French
offensive,none
offer,Old English
offer,French
offering,Old English
offertory,Medieval Latin
office,Anglo-French
officer,French
official,French
official,French
officialese,none
officiant,Medieval Latin
officiate,Medieval Latin
officinal,French
officious,Latin
offing,none
offset,none
offshoot,none
offshoring,none
offside,English
offspring,Old English
oft,Old English
often,Middle English
oftentimes,none
ogee,French
ogham,Irish
ogle,Low German
ogre,French
Ogygian,Greek
oh,Indo-European
Ohio,Iroquoian
ohm,German
oho,none
oi,none
oil,Anglo-French
oil,Old English
oilcloth,none
oily,none
oink,none
ointment,French
OJ,none
Ojibwa,Algonquian
OK,Greek
okapi,English
okay,none
oke,none
Okie,none
Okinawa,Japanese
Oklahoma,none
okra,none
Olaf,Old Norse
Olbersparadox,German
old,Old English
old hat,none
Old World,none
old-fashioned,American English
old-school,none
old-time,none
olde,none
olden,none
oldie,none
oldness,Old English
oldster,none
ole,Spanish
oleaginous,French
oleander,Medieval Latin
Oleg,none
oleo,none
oleo-,Latin
oleomargarine,French
olfaction,Latin
olfactory,Latin
Olga,Russian
oligarch,Middle French
oligarchic,Greek
oligarchy,Middle French
oligo-,Greek
Oligocene,German
oligopolistic,Greek
oligopoly,Medieval Latin
oligotrophy,none
oliguria,Greek
olio,Spanish
oliphant,Middle English
olive,French
Oliver,French
Olivetti,none
Olivia,Italian
Olmec,Nahuatl
Olympiad,French
Olympian,Late Latin
Olympic,Greek
Olympus,Greek
om,none
Omaha,Siouan
Oman,none
ombre,French
ombudsman,Swedish
omega,Greek
omelet,French
omen,Latin
omer,Hebrew
omerta,Italian
omg,none
omicron,Greek
ominous,Latin
ominously,none
omission,Latin
omit,Latin
omittance,none
omni-,Latin
omnibus,French
omnidirectional,none
omnifarious,Late Latin
omnipotence,Middle French
omnipotent,French
omnipresence,Medieval Latin
omnipresent,Medieval Latin
omniscience,Medieval Latin
omniscient,Modern Latin
omnisexual,none
omnium gatherum,Latin
omnivore,none
omnivorous,Latin
omo-,Greek
omophagous,Greek
omphalo-,Greek
omphalos,Greek
omphaloskepsis,Greek
on,Old English
on-looker,none
on-site,none
onager,Latin
onanism,none
onboard,none
once,Old English
once-over,none
onco-,Latin
oncogene,Greek
oncology,English
oncoming,none
one,Old English
one-horse,American English
one-liner,none
one-of-a-kind,none
one-off,none
one-shot,none
one-sided,none
one-upsmanship,none
one-way,none
Oneida,none
oneiric,Greek
oneiro-,Greek
oneirocritic,Greek
oneirocritical,none
oneiromancy,Greek
oneness,Middle English
onerous,French
oneself,none
ongoing,none
onion,Anglo-French
oniony,none
online,none
onlooker,none
only,Old English
onnagata,Japanese
onomastic,French
onomastics,none
onomatopoeia,Late Latin
onomatopoeic,French
Onondaga,none
onset,none
onslaught,Dutch
Ontario,Iroquoian
ontic,none
onto,none
onto-,Greek
ontogeny,none
ontological,none
ontology,Modern Latin
onus,Latin
onward,none
onwards,none
onymous,none
onyx,French
oo-,Greek
oocyte,none
oodles,American English
oogenesis,none
ooh,French
oolite,Modern Latin
oology,none
oolong,none
oom-pah,none
oomph,none
oops,none
Oort cloud,Dutch
ooze,Old English
ooze,Old English
oozy,Old English
op-,none
op-ed,none
op. cit.,Latin
opacity,French
opafication,French
opal,Middle French
opalescence,none
opalescent,none
opaque,Latin
ope,Middle English
OPEC,none
open,Old English
open,Middle English
open,Old English
open-ended,none
open-handed,none
open-minded,none
opener,Old English
opening,Old English
openly,Old English
openness,Old English
opera,Italian
operable,Late Latin
operand,Latin
operant,Latin
operate,Latin
operatic,none
operation,French
operational,none
operationalization,none
operationalize,none
operative,French
operative,none
operator,Late Latin
operculum,Latin
operetta,Italian
operose,Latin
Ophelia,Greek
ophidian,Greek
ophidiophobia,Modern Latin
ophio-,Greek
ophiomancy,none
Ophir,none
Ophiuchus,Latin
ophthalmia,Medieval Latin
ophthalmic,Latin
ophthalmo-,Greek
ophthalmologist,none
ophthalmology,none
ophthalmoscope,English
opiate,Medieval Latin
opine,Middle French
opiniated,Latin
opinion,French
opinionate,none
opinionated,none
opioid,none
opium,Latin
opossum,Algonquian
opponent,Latin
opportune,French
opportunism,none
opportunist,Italian
opportunistic,none
opportunity,French
opposable,none
oppose,French
opposite,French
opposition,French
oppress,French
oppressed,none
oppression,French
oppressive,Medieval Latin
oppressor,French
opprobrious,French
opprobrium,Latin
oppugn,Latin
opry,none
opsimathy,Greek
opt,French
optative,Middle French
optic,Middle French
optical,none
optician,French
optics,Medieval Latin
optimal,Latin
optimism,French
optimist,French
optimistic,none
optimization,none
optimize,none
optimum,Latin
option,French
optional,none
optometrist,none
optometry,Greek
opulence,Middle French
opulent,Middle French
opus,Latin
or,Old English
oracle,French
oracular,Latin
oral,Late Latin
orange,French
orangeade,French
Orangemen,German
orangutan,Dutch
orate,Latin
oration,Late Latin
orator,Anglo-French
oratorical,Latin
oratorio,English
oratory,Latin
oratory,French
orb,French
orbicular,French
orbit,French
orbit,none
orbital,none
orbiter 1954,none
orc,Old English
orca,Latin
orchard,Old English
orchestra,Latin
orchestral,none
orchestrate,none
orchestration,French
orchid,Modern Latin
ordain,French
ordeal,Old English
order,French
order,none
orderly,none
orderly,none
orderly,none
ordinal,Late Latin
ordinal,French
ordinance,French
ordinary,French
ordinate,Latin
ordinate,Latin
ordination,French
ordnance,none
Ordovician,English
ordure,French
ore,Old English
ore rotundo,Latin
oread,Latin
oregano,Spanish
Oregon,Algonquian
Oreo,American English
Orestes,Greek
organ,Old English
organdy,French
organelle,Modern Latin
organic,Latin
organically,none
organisation,English
organiser,English
organism,none
organist,Middle French
organization,Middle French
organize,Middle French
organized,none
organizer,none
organza,French
orgasm,French
orgasm,none
orgasmic,none
orgiastic,Greek
orgy,Greek
oriel,French
Orient,French
orient,French
oriental,French
Oriental,none
Orientalism,none
orientate,none
orientation,none
oriented,none
orienteering,none
orifice,Middle French
oriflamme,French
origami,Japanese
origin,French
original,French
original,Medieval Latin
originality,French
originate,none
origination,Middle French
originator,Latin
oriole,French
Orion,Greek
orison,Anglo-French
Orkney,Scot.
Orlando,Italian
Orleans,French
Orlon,none
ormolu,French
ornament,French
ornament,Middle English
ornamental,English
ornamentation,none
ornate,Latin
ornery,American English
ornitho-,Greek
ornithological,none
ornithologist,none
ornithology,Modern Latin
ornithopod,Modern Latin
ornithopter,French
oro-,Greek
orogeny,French
orotund,Latin
orphan,none
orphan,Late Latin
orphanage,none
Orphic,Greek
orpiment,French
orrery,none
Orson,French
ort,Dutch
ortho-,Greek
orthodontia,Greek
orthodontics,Modern Latin
orthodontist,none
orthodox,Late Latin
orthodoxy,French
orthogonal,French
orthographic,none
orthography,Middle French
orthopaedics,English
orthopedic,French
orthopedics,none
orthopedist,French
orthopraxy,Greek
Orwellian,English
oryx,Latin
os-,Latin
Osage,French
Oscan,Latin
Oscar,Old English
oscillate,Latin
oscillation,French
oscillator,Latin
oscilloscope,Latin
oscitant,Latin
oscitation,Late Latin
osculate,Latin
osculation,Latin
osier,French
Osiris,Egypt
Oslo,Old Norse
Osmanli,Turk
osmium,Modern Latin
Osmond,Old English
osmosis,Latin
osprey,Anglo-French
osseous,Medieval Latin
Ossianic,Gaelic
ossicle,Latin
ossification,Latin
ossifrage,Latin
ossify,French
ossuary,Late Latin
ostensible,French
ostensibly,none
ostensive,Late Latin
ostentation,French
ostentatious,none
osteo-,Greek
osteology,French
osteopath,none
osteopathy,Greek
osteoporosis,Greek
ostinato,Italian
ostler,none
ostomy,Modern Latin
ostracise,English
ostracism,Middle French
ostracize,Greek
ostrich,French
Ostrogoth,Late Latin
Oswald,Old English
otalgia,Greek
other,Old English
otherness,none
otherwise,Old English
otherworldly,none
otic,Greek
otiose,Latin
ottava rima,Italian
Ottawa,English
otter,Old English
Ottoman,French
oubliette,French
ouch,German
oud,Arabic
ought,Old English
ought,none
Ouija,French
ounce,French
ounce,French
our,Old English
ours,Middle English
oust,Anglo-French
ouster,Anglo-French
out,Old English
out,Old English
out,none
out-bid,none
out-building,none
out-take,none
out-thrust,none
outage,American English
outback,English
outboard,none
outbreak,Middle English
outburst,Middle English
outcast,Middle English
outclass,none
outcome,Scot.
outcrop,none
outcry,none
outdated,none
outdoor,none
outdoors,none
outdoorsman,American English
outen,American English
outer,Old English
outermost,none
outerwear,none
outface,none
outfield,Scot.
outfit,none
outfit,American English
outflank,none
outflow,none
outfox,none
outgoing,Middle English
outgrow,none
outgrowth,none
outgun,none
outhouse,American English
outie,none
outing,none
outlander,Dutch
outlandish,Old English
outlast,none
outlaw,Old English
outlaw,Old English
outlawry,Anglo-French
outlay,Scot.
outlet,none
outlier,none
outline,none
outline,none
outlive,none
outlook,none
outlying,none
outmoded,French
outness,none
outnumber,none
outpatient,none
outperform,none
outpost,none
outpouring,none
output,none
outrage,French
outrage,none
outrageous,French
outrank,none
outre,French
outreach,none
outrider,none
outrigger,Dutch
outright,none
outrun,none
outscore,none
outset,none
outshine,none
outside,none
outsider,none
outsized,none
outskirt,none
outsmart,none
outsource,none
outspend,none
outspoken,Scot.
outstanding,none
outstay,none
outstretch,none
outstrip,Middle English
outward,Old English
outweigh,none
outwit,none
outworn,none
ouzel,Old English
ouzo,Modern Greek
oval,Modern Latin
oval,Middle French
Ovaltine,Latin
ovarian,none
ovary,Modern Latin
ovate,Latin
ovate,Latin
ovation,Middle French
oven,Old English
over,Old English
over-,Old English
over-abundance,none
over-abundant,none
over-achiever,none
over-age,none
over-anxious,none
over-cautious,none
over-compensate,none
over-compensation,German
over-confidence,none
over-confident,none
over-correction,none
over-educated,none
over-estimate,none
over-estimation,none
over-excite,none
over-excitement,none
over-expose,none
over-extend,none
over-indulge,none
over-indulgence,none
over-long,none
over-populate,none
over-population,none
over-react,none
over-ripe,none
over-sexed,none
over-stuffed,none
over-trouble,none
over-use,none
over-wind,none
overact,none
overage,none
overall,Old English
overalls,French
overarching,none
overawe,none
overbear,none
overbearing,none
overbite,none
overblown,none
overboard,Old English
overbook,none
overburden,none
overcast,none
overcharge,none
overcloud,none
overcoat,none
overcome,Old English
overcrowd,none
overdo,Old English
overdone,Old English
overdose,none
overdose,none
overdraft,none
overdraw,none
overdrive,none
overdub,none
overdue,none
overeat,Old English
overfed,none
overfeed,none
overflow,Old English
overflow,none
overgrazed,none
overground,none
overgrown,Old English
overgrowth,none
overhand,none
overhang,none
overhang,none
overhaul,none
overhaul,none
overhead,none
overhear,Old English
overheat,none
overindulge,none
overjoy,Latin
overkill,none
overlap,none
overlap,none
overlay,Old English
overlay,none
overlie,Old English
overload,Middle English
overlong,Middle English
overlook,Middle English
overlord,none
overly,Old English
overmaster,none
overmatch,none
overmuch,Old English
overnight,none
overpark,American English
overpass,American English
overpay,none
overplay,none
overpower,none
overprice,none
overproduction,none
overprotection,none
overprotective,none
overrate,none
overreach,none
override,Old English
overrule,none
overrun,Old English
overseas,none
oversee,Old English
overseer,none
overshadow,Old English
overshoe,none
overshoot,none
overshot,none
oversight,none
oversimplification,none
oversimplify,none
oversized,none
oversleep,Old English
overspend,none
overspread,Old English
overstand,Old English
overstate,none
overstatement,none
overstep,Old English
overstock,none
overstrong,none
overt,French
overtake,Old English
overtax,none
overthrow,Old English
overthrow,none
overtime,none
overtire,none
overtly,none
overtone,German
overtop,none
overtower,none
overture,French
overturn,none
overuse,none
overview,American English
overweening,Old English
overweight,none
overwhelm,Middle English
overwhelmed,none
overwinter,Old English
overwork,Old English
overwork,Old English
overwrite,none
overwrought,none
overzealous,none
Ovid,none
oviduct,Modern Latin
oviform,Latin
ovine,Latin
oviparous,Latin
ovoid,Modern Latin
ovoviviparous,none
ovular,none
ovulate,none
ovulation,Modern Latin
ovule,French
ovum,Latin
ow,none
owe,Old English
Owen,Greek
owl,Old English
owlish,none
own,Old English
own,Old English
owned,none
owner,none
ownership,none
ox,Old English
ox-eyed,none
ox-hide,none
oxalic,French
oxbow,American English
Oxbridge,none
oxen,English
Oxfam,none
Oxford,Middle English
oxidant,French
oxidation,French
oxide,French
oxidize,none
oxidizer,none
Oxo,none
Oxonian,Medieval Latin
oxtail,Old English
oxy-,Greek
oxycodone,German
OxyContin,none
oxygen,French
oxymoron,Greek
oy,American English
oyer,Anglo-French
oyez,Anglo-French
oyster,French
Oz,none
oz.,Italian
Ozark,French
Ozarks,none
ozone,German
-parous,Latin
-path,Greek
-pathic,Latin
-pathy,Latin
-phage,Greek
-phagous,Latin
-phane,Greek
-phemia,Greek
-phile,French
-philia,Greek
-phobe,French
-phobia,Latin
-phone,Greek
-phyte,Greek
-plasia,Modern Latin
-plasm,Greek
-plast,Greek
-plasty,Greek
-plus,Latin
-poietic,Latin
-polis,Greek
P,German
p wave,none
p.a.,none
P.C.,none
P.C.P.,none
P.D.Q.,none
p.m.,Latin
p.o.v.,none
P.S.,Latin
pa,none
Pablum,none
pabulum,Latin
paca,Spanish
pace,French
pace,Latin
pace,none
pacemaker,none
pachinko,Japanese
pachyderm,French
pachysandra,Modern Latin
pacific,Middle French
Pacific Ocean,Medieval Latin
pacification,Middle French
pacificism,none
pacifier,none
pacifism,French
pacifist,French
pacify,Middle French
pack,Low German
pack,Anglo-French
pack-horse,none
pack-rat,none
package,Dutch
package,none
packer,none
packet,Middle English
packsaddle,none
pact,French
pad,Low German
pad,none
pad,Middle Dutch
padding,none
paddle,Medieval Latin
paddle,Low German
paddle,none
paddle,none
paddle-wheel,none
paddock,Old Norse
paddock,Middle English
paddy,Malay
Paddy,Irish
padlock,none
padlock,none
padre,Italian
Padua,Italian
paean,Latin
paederasty,none
paediatric,none
paediatrician,none
paediatrics,none
paedo-,none
paedophile,none
paedophilia,none
paella,Catalan
paeon,Latin
paesan,Italian
pagan,Late Latin
paganism,Church Latin
page,Middle French
page,French
page,none
page,none
pageant,Medieval Latin
pageantry,none
pager,none
paginate,Medieval Latin
pagination,French
pagoda,Portuguese
Pahlavi,Iran
pahoehoe,Hawaiian
Paige,none
pail,French
paillard,none
pain,French
pain,French
painful,none
painless,none
painstaking,none
paint,French
paint,none
painted,none
painter,French
painter,French
painting,none
pair,none
pair,French
paisano,none
paisley,Scot.
pajama,none
pajamas,Persian
Paki,none
Pakistan,Iran
pal,English
pal,none
palace,French
paladin,Middle French
palaeo-,none
palaestra,none
palanquin,Portuguese
palatable,none
palate,French
palatial,French
palatinate,none
palatine,Middle French
palaver,Portuguese
palazzo,Italian
pale,French
pale,Anglo-Latin
pale,Middle English
paleo-,Latin
Paleocene,French
paleoclimatology,none
paleolithic,Greek
paleontologist,none
paleontology,French
Paleozoic,Greek
Palestine,Latin
Palestinian,none
palestra,French
palette,French
palfrey,French
Pali,Sanskrit
palimony,none
palimpsest,Latin
palindrome,Greek
palinode,Middle French
palisade,Middle French
pall,Old English
pall,Middle English
pall-mall,none
Palladian,none
palladium,Latin
palladium,German
Pallas,Greek
pallbearer,none
pallet,Anglo-French
pallet,Middle French
palliard,Middle French
palliate,Medieval Latin
palliative,Middle French
pallid,Latin
pallor,French
palm,French
palm,Old English
palm,none
palm-tree,Old English
palmer,Anglo-French
palmetto,Spanish
palmistry,Middle English
palmy,none
palomino,American Spanish
palooka,none
palp,French
palpable,Late Latin
palpate,Latin
palpation,Middle French
palpitant,French
palpitate,Latin
palpitation,Middle French
palsgrave,Middle Dutch
palsied,none
palsy,Anglo-French
palter,none
paltry,Middle Low German
pampas,Spanish
pamper,Middle Dutch
pampered,none
pamphlet,Anglo-Latin
pamphleteer,none
Pamphylia,Turk
Pamplona,none
pan,Old English
pan,none
Pan,Latin
pan,none
pan-,Greek
pan-Africanism,none
panacea,Latin
panache,Middle French
Panama,Guarani
panatela,Spanish
Panavision,none
pancake,none
pancake,none
panchen,none
pancreas,Latin
pancreatitis,Latin
panda,French
pandemic,Late Latin
pandemonium,Greek
pander,Middle English
pander,none
pandiculation,Latin
Pandora,Greek
pane,French
panegyric,French
panel,French
panel,none
panelist,American English
panelling,none
panem et circenses,Latin
panfish,American English
pang,none
Pangaea,Greek
Panglossian,French
pangolin,Malay
panhandle,American English
panhandle,none
panhandler,none
Panhellenic,Greek
panic,none
panic,French
panic,French
panicky,none
panjandrum,none
panne,French
pannel,none
pannier,French
pannikin,none
Pannonia,Hung
panocha,American Spanish
panoply,Greek
panoptic,Greek
panopticon,Greek
panorama,Irish
panoramic,none
pansexual,none
Panslavism,German
pansy,Middle French
pant,French
pant,none
Pantaloon,Italian
pantaloons,French
Panthalassa,Greek
pantheism,Irish
pantheist,none
pantheistic,none
pantheon,Greek
panther,French
panties,none
pantisocracy,Greek
pantomime,Latin
pantomime,none
pantothenic,Greek
pantry,Anglo-French
pants,none
pantsuit,none
pantyhose,none
pantywaist,none
panzer,German
pap,French
pap,Scand
pap,none
Pap test,Greek
papa,French
papacy,Medieval Latin
papal,French
paparazzi,Italian
paparazzo,none
papaw,none
papaya,Spanish
paper,Anglo-French
paper,none
paper,none
paper-weight,none
paperback,none
paperless,none
paperwork,none
papier-mache,French
papilla,Latin
papillary,Latin
papilledema,none
papilloma,Latin
papillon,French
papish,none
papist,Middle French
papoose,Algonquian
paprika,German
Papua,Malay
papule,Latin
papyrus,Latin
par,Latin
par,French
par excellence,French
para-,Greek
para-,Italian
Parabellum,Latin
parable,French
parabola,Modern Latin
parabole,Greek
parabolic,Late Latin
paracentesis,Latin
parachute,French
parachute,none
paraclete,French
parade,French
parade,none
paradigm,Late Latin
paradise,French
paradisiacal,Latin
parados,French
paradox,Middle French
paradoxical,none
paraesthesia,Greek
paraffin,German
paragon,Middle French
paragraph,Middle French
Paraguay,Guarani
parakeet,Spanish
paralanguage,none
paralegal,none
paralipsis,Greek
parallax,Middle French
parallel,Middle French
parallel,none
parallelism,Greek
parallelogram,Middle French
paralyse,none
paralysis,Latin
paralytic,French
paralyze,French
paramagnetic,none
paramecium,Modern Latin
paramedic,none
paramedical,none
parameter,Modern Latin
paramilitary,none
paramount,Anglo-French
paramour,Anglo-French
paranoia,Greek
paranoiac,none
paranoid,none
paranormal,none
parapet,Middle French
paraphernalia,Medieval Latin
paraphilia,German
paraphrase,Middle French
paraphrase,French
paraphrastic,Medieval Latin
paraplegia,Latin
paraplegic,none
parapraxis,Modern Latin
paraprofessional,none
parapsychology,none
paraquat,none
parasail,none
parasite,Middle French
parasitic,Latin
parasitism,none
parasol,Middle French
parastate,none
parasympathetic,none
parataxis,Greek
paratransit,none
paratrooper,German
paratroops,none
parboil,French
parcel,French
parcel,none
parch,Old North French
parcheesi,Sanskrit
parchment,French
pard,Latin
pard,none
pardon,French
pardon,French
pardonable,French
pardoner,none
pare,French
paregoric,Late Latin
parenchyma,Modern Latin
parent,French
parent,none
parentage,Middle French
parental,Latin
parenteral,Greek
parenthesis,Middle French
parenthesize,none
parenthetical,Medieval Latin
parenthood,none
parenting,none
parer,none
paresis,Modern Latin
Pareto,Italian
parfait,French
parhelion,Greek
pari passu,Latin
pari-mutuel,French
pariah,Portuguese
parietal,Late Latin
Paris,Latin
parish,Anglo-French
parishioner,French
Parisian,French
parity,Middle French
park,French
park,none
parka,Russian
parking,none
Parkinsons disease,French
Parkinsons Law,none
parlance,Anglo-French
parlay,French
parley,Middle French
parley,French
parleyvoo,French
parliament,French
parliamentarian,English
parliamentary,none
parlor,French
parlour,English
parlous,Middle English
parmaceutics,none
parmaco-,Latin
Parmesan,Italian
Parnassus,Latin
Parnellite,Irish
parochial,Anglo-French
parochialism,none
parodist,French
parody,English
parody,none
parol,Anglo-French
parole,French
parole,none
parolee,none
paronomasia,Latin
paronychia,Latin
paronym,Greek
parotid,French
Parousia,Greek
paroxysm,Middle French
parquet,French
parr,Scot.
parrel,none
parricide,Middle French
parrot,Middle French
parrot,none
parrot-fish,none
parry,French
parse,Middle English
parsec,none
Parsee,Old Persian
parsimonious,Latin
parsimony,Latin
parsley,Old English
parsnip,Middle English
parson,Anglo-French
parsonage,none
part,French
part,French
part of speech,Latin
part-time,none
partake,Middle English
partaker,none
parterre,French
parthenic,Greek
parthenogenesis,Greek
Parthenon,Greek
Parthian,Old Persian
parti-,none
parti-colored,French
partial,French
partiality,Middle French
partialness,none
participant,Latin
participant,Middle French
participate,Latin
participation,French
participative,none
participatory,none
participial,Middle French
participle,French
particle,Latin
particular,French
particular,none
particularity,Middle French
particularize,none
particularly,none
particulate,Modern Latin
parting,none
partisan,Middle French
partisan,none
partisanship,none
partition,French
partition,none
partitive,Late Latin
partly,none
partner,French
partner,none
partnership,none
partridge,French
parts,none
parturient,Latin
parturition,Latin
party,French
party,none
parvenu,French
parvi-,Latin
parvovirus,none
Parzival,French
pas,French
pas devant les enfants,French
PASCAL,French
Pasch,none
paschal,French
pash,none
pasha,Turk
pashmina,Persian
Pashto,Persian
Pasiphae,Latin
pasquinade,Middle French
pass,French
pass,French
pass,none
pass out,none
passable,French
passacaglia,Spanish
passage,French
passageway,American English
Passamaquoddy,Micmac
passant,French
passbook,none
passe,French
passe-partout,French
passel,none
passenger,French
passer-by,none
passerine,Latin
passim,Latin
passing,none
passing,none
passion,French
passionate,Medieval Latin
passive,French
passiveness,none
passivist,none
passivity,none
Passover,Hebrew
passport,Middle French
password,none
past,none
past,none
pasta,Italian
paste,French
paste,none
paste,none
paste-up,none
pasteboard,none
pastel,French
pastern,French
pasteurization,none
pasteurize,French
pastiche,French
pasties,none
pastime,Middle French
pastor,French
pastoral,French
pastorale,Italian
pastoralism,none
pastoralist,none
pastrami,Turk
pastry,Middle English
pasturage,French
pasture,French
pasture,French
pasty,French
pasty,none
pat,none
pat,none
pat,American English
Pat,Irish
Patagonia,Spanish
patch,none
patch,Old North French
patch,Italian
patchouli,Tamil
patchwork,none
patchy,none
pate,French
pate,French
patella,Latin
paten,French
patency,none
patent,Anglo-French
patent,none
patent,French
paterfamilias,Latin
paternal,French
paternalism,none
paternity,French
paternoster,Old English
path,Old English
Pathet Lao,Thai
pathetic,Middle French
pathfinder,none
pathless,none
patho-,Greek
pathogen,none
pathogenesis,none
pathogenic,French
pathognomonic,Greek
pathologic,Greek
pathological,English
pathologist,none
pathology,French
pathophysiology,none
pathos,Greek
pathway,none
patience,French
patient,French
patient,French
patina,French
patio,Spanish
patisserie,French
patois,French
patootie,American English
patri-,Latin
patriarch,French
patriarchal,Late Latin
patriarchy,Greek
patriate,English
Patricia,Latin
patrician,Middle French
patricide,Middle French
Patrick,Old Irish
patrilineal,none
patrilocal,none
patrimonial,Middle French
patrimony,French
patriot,Middle French
Patriot Act,none
patriotic,French
patriotism,none
patristic,none
patroclinous,Greek
patrol,French
patrol,French
patrolman,none
patron,French
patronage,French
patroness,Medieval Latin
patronise,English
patronize,French
patronizing,none
patronym,Greek
patronymic,Late Latin
patroon,Dutch
patsy,Italian
patten,French
patter,none
patter,none
pattern,French
pattern,none
patty,French
paucity,French
Paul,Latin
pauldron,French
Pauline,none
Pauline,Latin
paunch,French
paunchy,none
pauper,Latin
pause,French
pause,Middle French
pavan,French
pave,French
pavement,French
paver,none
pavilion,French
Pavlovian,Russian
paw,French
paw,Middle English
pawl,French
pawn,Anglo-Latin
pawn,Anglo-French
pawn,none
pawnbroker,none
Pawnee,French
pawnshop,none
pawpaw,none
pax,Latin
pay,French
pay,French
payable,French
payback,none
paycheck,none
payday,none
paydirt,none
payee,none
payer,French
payload,none
payment,French
paynim,French
payoff,none
payola,none
payor,Latin
payout,none
Paypal,none
payphone,none
payroll,none
PBS,English
pcb,none
pcp,none
pda,none
pdf,none
PE,none
pea,Middle English
pea jacket,Frisian
peace,Anglo-French
peace-keeping,none
peaceable,French
peaceful,none
peacemaker,none
peacenik,none
peacetime,none
peach,French
peach,none
peachy,none
peacock,Middle English
peahen,Old English
peak,Old English
peak,none
peaked,none
peal,none
peal,none
peanut,Portuguese
pear,Old English
pearl,French
pearly,none
peart,none
peasant,Anglo-French
peasantry,none
pease,Old English
peat,Scot.
peaty,none
peavey,none
pebble,Old English
pecan,French
peccadillo,Spanish
peccant,Latin
peccary,Carib
peccavi,Latin
peck,Middle Low German
peck,French
peck,none
Pecks bad boy,none
pecker,none
peckerwood,none
pecking,German
peckish,none
Pecksniffian,none
pectin,French
pectoral,Latin
pectoral,Middle French
peculate,Latin
peculation,Latin
peculiar,Latin
peculiarity,Latin
pecuniary,Latin
pecunious,Latin
pedagogic,Latin
pedagogical,Latin
pedagogue,French
pedagogy,Middle French
pedal,French
pedal,none
pedant,Middle French
pedantic,English
pedanticism,none
pedantocracy,French
pedantry,Italian
peddle,none
peddler,Middle English
pederast,French
pederasty,French
pedestal,Middle French
pedestrian,Latin
pedestrian,none
pediatric,Greek
pediatrician,none
pediatrics,none
pedicel,Modern Latin
pedicle,Latin
pediculosis,none
pediculous,Latin
pedicure,French
pedigree,Anglo-French
pediment,Greek
pedo-,Greek
pedology,Greek
pedometer,French
pedophile,none
pedophilia,Greek
pedophiliac,none
pedophilic,none
peduncle,Modern Latin
pedunculated,Modern Latin
pee,none
peek,Middle Dutch
peek,none
peekaboo,none
peel,Old English
peel,French
peel,none
peel out,American English
peeler,Irish
peen,Scand
peep,Middle English
peep,Latin
peep,none
peep,none
peep-hole,none
peep-show,none
peepee,none
peeper,American English
peer,Anglo-Latin
peer,East Frisian
peerage,French
peerless,none
peeve,none
peevish,Latin
peewee,none
peg,Middle Dutch
peg,none
Pegasus,Greek
Peggy,none
pegomancy,Latin
peignoir,French
Peirce,French
pejoration,none
pejorative,French
Peking,none
Pekingese,none
pelage,French
Pelagian,Medieval Latin
pelagic,Latin
Pelasgian,Latin
pelf,Anglo-French
pelican,Old English
pell,Anglo-French
pell-mell,Middle French
pellagra,Latin
pellet,French
pellet,none
pellicle,Middle French
pellucid,Latin
Peloponnesus,Latin
peloton,French
pelt,Old English
pelt,Anglo-Latin
pelvic,French
pelvis,Modern Latin
pemmican,Algonquian
pen,none
pen,French
pen,Old English
pen,Old English
pen,none
pen-,none
pen-pal,none
penal,French
penalise,English
penalize,none
penalty,Middle French
penance,Anglo-French
penates,Latin
pence,none
penchant,French
pencil,French
pencil,none
pend,French
pendant,Anglo-French
pendency,none
pendent,Middle English
pendentive,French
pending,French
pendragon,none
pendular,French
pendulous,Latin
pendulum,Modern Latin
Penelope,Greek
penetrable,Latin
penetrate,Latin
penetrating,none
penetration,Latin
penguin,French
penholder,none
penicillin,English
peninsula,Latin
peninsular,none
penis,French
penitence,French
penitent,French
penitential,Medieval Latin
penitentiary,Medieval Latin
penknife,none
penman,none
penmanship,none
pennant,none
penniless,none
pennon,French
Pennsylvania,Latin
Pennsylvanian,none
penny,Old English
penny-ante,none
pennyfarthing,none
pennyroyal,Anglo-French
pennyweight,Old English
pennyworth,Old English
penology,Latin
Pensacola,Muskogean
pension,Anglo-Latin
pension,French
pensioner,Anglo-French
pensive,French
pent,none
penta-,Greek
pentacle,Medieval Latin
pentad,Greek
pentagon,Middle French
pentagram,Greek
pentameter,Middle French
pentangle,none
Pentateuch,Late Latin
pentathlon,Greek
Pentecost,Old English
pentecostal,Latin
penthouse,Anglo-French
Pentothal,none
penult,none
penultima,Latin
penultimate,none
penumbra,Modern Latin
penurious,Medieval Latin
penury,Latin
Penzance,Cornish
peon,Mexican Spanish
peonage,American English
peony,Middle English
people,Anglo-French
people,Middle French
Peoria,none
pep,none
pepper,Old English
pepper,Old English
pepper-box,none
pepper-pot,none
peppercorn,Old English
peppermint,none
pepperoni,American English
peppery,none
peppy,none
Pepsi-Cola,none
pepsin,German
peptic,Latin
peptide,German
peptone,German
per,Latin
per annum,Latin
per capita,Latin
per diem,Latin
per se,Latin
per stirpes,Latin
per-,Latin
peradventure,Middle English
perambulate,Latin
perambulation,Anglo-Latin
perambulator,Latin
percale,French
perceivable,French
perceive,Anglo-French
percent,Modern Latin
percentage,none
percentile,English
percept,Latin
perceptible,Late Latin
perception,Latin
perceptive,Latin
perceptual,none
perch,French
perch,French
perch,French
perchance,French
Percheron,French
percipience,none
percipient,Latin
Percocet,none
percolate,Latin
percolation,Latin
percolator,Latin
percussion,Latin
percussionist,none
percussive,Latin
percutaneous,Latin
perdition,French
perdurable,French
pere,French
peregrinate,Latin
peregrination,French
peregrine,French
peremptory,Anglo-French
perennial,English
perestroika,Russian
perfect,Middle English
perfect,none
perfecta,American Spanish
perfection,French
perfectionist,none
perfective,Medieval Latin
perfectly,none
perfervid,Latin
perfidious,Latin
perfidy,Middle French
perforate,Latin
perforation,Middle French
perforce,French
perform,Anglo-French
performance,none
performative,none
performer,none
perfume,Middle French
perfume,Middle French
perfunctory,Late Latin
perfuse,Latin
perfusion,Middle French
pergola,Italian
perhaps,Middle English
peri,Persian
peri-,Greek
perianth,French
pericarditis,none
pericardium,Latin
Pericles,Greek
pericope,Late Latin
peridot,Anglo-Latin
perigee,Modern Latin
perihelion,Modern Latin
peril,French
perilous,French
perimeter,Latin
perinatal,none
perineum,Medieval Latin
period,Middle French
periodic,French
periodical,none
periodicity,French
periodontal,Greek
periodontics,none
periodontist,none
periodontitis,none
periodontium,none
periorbital,Latin
periosteum,Modern Latin
peripatetic,French
peripatetic,none
peripeteia,Greek
peripheral,none
periphery,French
periphrasis,Latin
periphrastic,French
periscope,English
perish,French
perishable,Middle French
peristalsis,Modern Latin
peristaltic,Modern Latin
peristyle,French
peritoneum,Late Latin
peritonitis,Latin
periwig,Middle French
periwinkle,Old English
periwinkle,Old English
perjure,Anglo-French
perjury,Anglo-French
perk,Old North French
perk,none
perky,none
perm,none
permaculture,none
permafrost,English
permanence,Middle French
permanent,Middle French
permanently,none
permeability,French
permeable,Late Latin
permeant,Latin
permeate,Latin
permeation,Latin
Permian,none
permissible,French
permission,Latin
permissive,French
permit,Middle French
permit,none
permutate,Latin
permutation,French
permute,French
pernicious,Middle French
pernickety,Scot.
perorate,Latin
peroration,Latin
peroxide,English
perp,American English
perpendicular,French
perpensity,Latin
perpetrate,Latin
perpetration,Late Latin
perpetrator,English
perpetual,French
perpetuate,Latin
perpetuation,Medieval Latin
perpetuity,French
perpetuous,Latin
perplex,Latin
perplexed,none
perplexity,French
perquisite,Medieval Latin
Perrier,English
Perry,none
perse,French
persea,Egypt
persecute,Middle French
persecution,French
persecutor,Anglo-French
Perseid,Modern Latin
Persephone,Greek
Persepolis,Greek
Perseus,Greek
perseverance,French
perseverant,Middle French
perseverate,none
perseveration,French
persevere,French
Persia,Latin
Persian,Old English
persiflage,French
persimmon,Algonquian
Persis,Latin
persist,Middle French
persistence,Middle French
persistent,Latin
persnickety,none
person,French
persona,Latin
personable,Middle French
personage,French
personal,French
personality,Medieval Latin
personalization,none
personalize,none
personally,none
personalty,Anglo-French
personhood,none
personification,none
personify,French
personnel,French
perspective,French
Perspex,Latin
perspicacious,Latin
perspicacity,Middle French
perspicuity,Latin
perspicuous,Latin
perspiration,French
perspire,Latin
persuadable,Latin
persuade,Middle French
persuasion,French
persuasive,Middle French
pert,Middle English
pertain,French
pertinacious,none
pertinacity,Middle French
pertinence,French
pertinent,Anglo-French
perturb,French
perturbate,Latin
perturbation,French
perturbed,none
pertussis,Modern Latin
Peru,Spanish
peruke,Middle French
perusal,none
peruse,Middle English
perv,none
pervade,Latin
pervasive,Latin
perverse,French
perversion,Latin
perversity,Middle French
pervert,French
pervert,none
perverted,none
pervious,Latin
pesky,none
peso,Spanish
pessary,Late Latin
pessimism,French
pessimist,French
pessimistic,none
pest,Middle French
pester,Middle French
pesticide,English
pestiferous,Latin
pestilence,French
pestilent,Latin
pestilential,Medieval Latin
pestle,French
pesto,Italian
pet,Scot.
pet,American English
pet,none
pet peeve,none
PETA,none
petal,Modern Latin
petard,French
petcock,none
Pete,none
petechia,English
Peter,Old English
peter,none
Peter Pan,none
Peter Principle,none
petiole,French
petit,French
petit fours,none
petite,French
petition,French
petition,none
petitioner,none
Petrarchan,Italian
petrel,English
petri dish,German
petrifaction,none
petrification,French
petrified,none
petrify,Middle French
petro-,Greek
petro-,none
petrochemical,none
petrodollar,English
petroglyph,French
petrol,French
petroleum,Anglo-French
petrology,none
Petronilla,Latin
petrous,Middle French
petticoat,none
pettifogger,Dutch
pettifogging,none
petting,Scot.
pettish,none
petty,French
petulance,French
petulant,Middle French
petunia,Modern Latin
pew,French
pewee,none
pewit,Scot.
pewter,French
peyote,Mexican Spanish
Pez,German
pH,German
ph,English
Ph.D,Latin
phaeton,French
phage,none
phago-,Greek
phagocyte,German
phalange,Middle French
phalanstery,French
phalanx,Latin
phallic,Greek
phallocentric,none
phallus,Latin
phanero-,Greek
phantasm,French
phantasma,Latin
phantasmagoria,French
phantasmal,none
phantom,French
pharaoh,Egypt
pharisaic,Church Latin
Pharisee,Old English
pharmaceutical,Late Latin
pharmacist,Latin
pharmacokinetics,none
pharmacologist,none
pharmacology,Modern Latin
pharmacopeia,Latin
pharmacy,French
Pharos,none
pharyngeal,Modern Latin
pharyngitis,none
pharynx,Greek
phase,Modern Latin
phase,none
phat,none
phatic,Polish
pheasant,Anglo-French
pheme,Greek
phene,French
phenetic,Greek
pheno-,none
phenobarbital,none
phenol,none
phenology,German
phenom,none
phenomena,none
phenomenal,English
phenomenalism,none
phenomenology,German
phenomenon,Late Latin
phenotype,German
phenyl,French
pheromone,Greek
phew,none
phi,Greek
Phi Beta Kappa,Greek
phial,French
Philadelphia,Greek
philander,Greek
philanderer,none
philanthrope,Latin
philanthropic,French
philanthropist,none
philanthropy,Late Latin
philately,French
Philemon,Greek
philharmonic,French
philhellene,Greek
Philip,Latin
Philippa,none
philippic,Middle French
Philippines,Spanish
Philistine,French
philistine,German
Phillips,none
Philly,none
philo-,Greek
philodendron,Modern Latin
philologist,none
philology,Latin
philomel,Greek
philophobia,none
philoprogenitive,Latin
philosophe,French
philosopher,Old English
philosophic,Middle French
philosophical,none
philosophize,none
philosophy,French
philtre,Middle French
philtrum,Latin
phimosis,Greek
phishing,none
phiz,none
phlebitis,Latin
phlebo-,Greek
phlebotomist,none
phlebotomy,French
phlegm,French
phlegmatic,French
phlegmy,none
phloem,German
phlogiston,Modern Latin
phlox,Latin
Phnom Penh,none
phobia,French
phobic,Greek
phobophobia,none
phoebe,none
Phoebe,Latin
Phoebus,Latin
Phoenician,Middle French
phoenix,Old English
phone,none
phone,none
phone,Greek
phoneme,French
phonemic,none
phonetic,Modern Latin
phonetics,none
phonic,Greek
phonics,Greek
phono-,Greek
phonogram,none
phonograph,none
phonographic,none
phonolite,German
phonological,none
phonology,none
phonophobia,none
phony,none
phooey,German
phoresis,none
phoresy,French
phosphate,French
phosphor,Latin
phosphorescence,none
phosphorescent,Modern Latin
phosphoric,French
phosphorous,French
phosphorus,Latin
photic,Greek
photo,none
photo-,Greek
photocopier,none
photocopy,none
photogenic,none
photograph,English
photographer,none
photographic,none
photography,none
photogravure,none
photoinduction,none
photojournalism,none
photomontage,none
photon,none
photoperiodism,none
photophobia,none
photoshop,none
photosphere,none
photostat,none
photosynthesis,German
photosynthesize,none
phototropism,German
photovoltaic,none
phrasal,none
phrase,Late Latin
phrase,none
phraseology,Greek
phrasing,none
phreak,none
phrenetic,English
phrenic,Modern Latin
phreno-,Greek
phrenology,none
Phrygian,Phrygian
phthisic,French
phthisis,Late Latin
phyco-,Latin
phycology,none
phylactery,French
phyletic,German
Phyllis,Latin
phyllo-,Greek
phyllophagous,none
phylo-,Greek
phylogenesis,German
phylogeny,German
phylum,Modern Latin
physic,French
physical,Medieval Latin
physical,none
physicality,none
physician,French
physicist,English
physico-,Latin
physicological,none
physics,Latin
physio-,Greek
physiognomy,French
physiological,none
physiology,Middle French
physiotherapy,none
physique,French
phyto-,Greek
phytoplankton,none
pi,Greek
pianissimo,Italian
pianist,French
piano,French
pianoforte,Italian
pianola,none
piaster,Spanish
piazza,Italian
pibroch,Gaelic
pic,none
pica,Anglo-Latin
pica,Medieval Latin
picador,Spanish
Picardy,French
picaresque,Spanish
picaroon,Spanish
picayune,French
piccalilli,none
piccaninny,Spanish
piccolo,French
pick,Old English
pick,none
pick,none
pick up,none
pickaxe,Middle English
picked,none
pickelhaube,German
picker,none
pickerel,French
picket,French
picket,none
pickle,Middle Dutch
pickle,none
pickled,American English
picklock,none
pickpocket,none
pickup,none
picky,none
picnic,English
picnic,none
pico-,Spanish
picosecond,none
Pict,Late Latin
pictogram,Latin
pictograph,Latin
pictorial,Latin
picturable,none
picture,Latin
picture,none
picturephone,none
pictures,none
picturesque,French
piddle,none
piddling,none
pidgin,English
pie,Medieval Latin
pie,French
pie,none
piebald,none
piece,French
piece,none
piece de resistance,French
piecemeal,Old English
piecework,none
pied,Middle English
pied a terre,French
piedmont,Italian
Piedmont,Old Italian
piepowder,French
pier,Medieval Latin
pierce,Anglo-French
pierced,none
piercer,none
piercing,none
piercing,none
Pierian,Latin
Pierre,French
pierrot,French
Piers,French
Pieta,Italian
pietism,German
pietist,none
pietistic,none
piety,French
piezo-,Greek
piezoelectric,German
piffle,none
pig,Old English
pig,none
pig iron,none
Pig Latin,Latin
pigeon,French
pigeon-hole,none
pigeon-toed,none
piggish,none
Piggly-Wiggly,none
piggy,none
piggy,American English
piggyback,none
pigheaded,none
piglet,none
pigment,Latin
pigmentation,French
pigmentocracy,none
pigmy,none
pigskin,none
pigsney,Middle English
pigsty,none
pigtail,none
pika,none
pike,none
pike,Middle French
pike,French
pike,Middle English
pikeman,none
piker,American English
pilaf,Turk
pilar,Modern Latin
pilaster,Middle French
Pilate,Latin
Pilates,German
pilchard,none
pile,Middle French
pile,Old English
pile,Anglo-French
pile,American English
pile-driver,none
pile-up,none
pileated,Latin
piles,Medieval Latin
pilfer,French
pilferage,none
pilgrim,French
pilgrimage,French
Pilipino,Spanish
pill,Middle Dutch
pill,none
pillage,French
pillage,English
pillar,French
pillbox,none
pillbug,none
piller,none
pillion,Irish
pillock,Middle English
pillory,Anglo-Latin
pillory,none
pillow,Middle English
pillow,none
pilon,Mexican Spanish
pilot,Middle French
pilot,French
pilot-fish,none
piloted,none
pilsner,German
Piltdown,none
Pima,Uto-Aztecan
pimento,Spanish
pimp,Middle French
pimp,none
pimpernel,French
pimple,Old English
pimply,none
pin,Old English
PIN,none
pin,none
pin-ball,none
pin-feather,none
pin-hole,none
pin-stripe,none
pin-up,none
pina colada,Spanish
pinafore,none
pinata,Mexican Spanish
pinball,none
pince-nez,French
pincers,French
pinch,Old North French
pinch,none
pincushion,none
Pindaric,Latin
pine,Old English
pine,Old English
pine cone,Old English
pine-barren,English
pine-tree,Old English
pineal,French
pineapple,Old English
ping,none
ping-pong,none
ping-pong,none
pinguid,Latin
pinhead,none
pinion,French
pinion,French
pinion,English
pink,Dutch
pink,French
pink-collar,none
pink-eye,American English
Pinkerton,none
pinkie,Scot.
pinko,none
pinky,none
pinnace,Middle French
pinnacle,French
pinnate,Latin
pinniped,Modern Latin
pinochle,German
pinocytosis,Greek
pinot,American English
pinpoint,none
pinprick,none
pinscher,German
pint,French
pintail,none
pinto,American Spanish
pinwheel,none
pinyin,none
piolet,French
pion,Greek
pioneer,Middle French
pioneer,none
pious,Latin
pip,French
pip,Middle Dutch
pip,none
pip-pip,none
pipe,Old English
pipe,Old English
pipe,French
pipe dream,Old English
pipeline,none
piper,Old English
pipes,none
pipette,French
pippin,Middle English
pipsqueak,none
piquancy,none
piquant,Middle French
pique,French
pique,Middle French
piquet,French
piracy,Medieval Latin
piranha,Portuguese
pirate,Latin
pirate,none
piratical,Latin
pirl,none
pirogi,Russian
pirogue,French
pirouette,French
pirouette,French
pis aller,French
Pisa,Italian
piscatology,Latin
piscatorial,none
piscatory,Latin
Pisces,Old English
piscine,French
piscivorous,Latin
Pisgah,Hebrew
pish,none
pismire,Old Norse
piss,French
piss,none
piss off,none
piss-pot,none
pissant,none
pissed,none
pissy,none
pistachio,Italian
piste,French
pistil,French
pistle,Old English
pistol,Middle French
pistole,Spanish
pistolero,Spanish
pistolier,French
piston,French
pit,Old English
pit,none
pit,Dutch
pit-a-pat,none
pita,Hebrew
pitch,Old English
pitch,Old English
pitch,American English
pitch,Old English
pitch-pipe,none
pitchblende,German
pitcher,French
pitcher,none
pitchfork,Middle English
pitchman,American English
piteous,Anglo-French
pitfall,none
pith,Old English
pith,none
pithecanthropus,Modern Latin
pitheco-,Greek
pithy,none
pitiable,French
pitiful,none
pitiless,none
piton,French
pits,none
pittance,French
pituitary,Latin
pity,French
pity,French
Pius,Latin
pivot,French
pivot,French
pivotal,none
pix,none
pixel,none
pixelation,none
pixie,Swedish
pixilated,none
pixilation,none
pizazz,Scot.
pizza,Italian
pizzeria,American English
pizzicato,Italian
pizzle,Low German
placable,Middle French
placard,Middle French
placate,Latin
placation,French
placatory,Latin
place,French
place,French
place-holder,none
place-kick,none
place-mat,none
place-setting,none
placebo,Latin
placement,none
placenta,Modern Latin
placental,Modern Latin
placid,French
placidity,Latin
plagal,Medieval Latin
plage,French
plagiarise,none
plagiarism,Latin
plagiarist,none
plagiarize,none
plagio-,Greek
plagioclase,German
plague,French
plague,Middle Dutch
plaguey,none
plaice,French
plaid,Scot.
plain,French
plain,French
plain clothes,none
plain Jane,none
plain-song,Latin
plain-spoken,none
plainly,none
plainness,none
plains,none
plainsman,none
plaint,French
plaintiff,Anglo-French
plaintive,French
plait,French
plait,Anglo-French
plan,French
plan,none
planar,Latin
Planaria,Modern Latin
planchet,French
Planck,German
plane,Latin
plane,none
plane,French
plane,French
plane,French
plane,French
planet,Old English
planetarium,Modern Latin
planetary,Late Latin
plangent,Latin
plani-,Latin
planisphere,Medieval Latin
plank,Old North French
planktology,German
plankton,German
planner,none
planning,none
plano-,Latin
plant,Old English
plant,Old English
plantain,Spanish
plantain,Anglo-French
plantar,Latin
plantation,Middle French
planter,none
plantigrade,French
planting,Old English
planxty,Irish
plaque,French
plaquemines,French
plash,Dutch
plash,Old English
plash,French
plasm,none
plasma,Late Latin
plasmid,none
plasmodium,Modern Latin
plasmolysis,French
plaster,Old English
plaster,French
plaster of Paris,none
plastered,none
plastic,none
plastic,Latin
Plasticine,none
plasticity,none
plastid,German
plastron,Middle French
plat,Middle English
plat,none
plate,French
plate,none
plateau,none
plateau,French
platelet,English
platen,Middle French
platform,Middle French
platinum,Modern Latin
platitude,French
Platonic,Greek
Platonism,none
Platonist,none
platoon,French
platoon,none
Plattdeutsch,Low German
platter,Anglo-French
platypus,Modern Latin
plaudit,Latin
plausibility,none
plausible,Latin
play,Old English
play,Old English
play-bill,none
play-day,none
play-dough,none
play-list,none
play-pen,none
play-time,none
playbook,none
playboy,none
player,Old English
playful,none
playground,Old English
playhouse,Old English
playmate,none
plaything,none
playwright,none
plaza,Spanish
plea,Anglo-French
plead,Anglo-French
pleading,none
pleasance,French
pleasant,French
pleasantry,French
please,French
pleased,none
pleaser,none
pleasurable,none
pleasure,French
pleasure,none
pleasure-seeker,none
pleat,none
pleat,none
pleather,none
pleb,none
plebe,Latin
plebeian,Latin
plebeian,Latin
plebiscite,Italian
plectrum,Latin
pled,none
pledge,French
pledge,French
Pleiades,Latin
plein-air,French
pleio-,Greek
pleiotropy,German
Pleistocene,Greek
plenary,French
plenipotentiary,French
plenitude,French
plenteous,French
plentiful,none
plentitude,none
plenty,French
plenum,Latin
pleo-,none
pleomorphic,none
pleonasm,Late Latin
pleonastic,Greek
plesiosaurus,Modern Latin
plethora,Late Latin
pleura,Latin
pleural,none
pleurisy,French
pleuro-,Greek
plex,Latin
Plexiglas,none
plexus,Modern Latin
pliable,French
pliant,French
plie,French
plier,none
pliers,French
plight,Old English
plight,Anglo-French
plight,Old English
Plimsoll,American English
plink,none
plinth,French
plio-,Latin
Pliocene,Latin
PLO,none
plod,none
plodding,none
plonk,none
plop,none
plosive,none
plot,none
plot,Old English
plough,none
plover,Anglo-French
plow,Old English
plow,none
plow-boy,none
plowman,none
plowshare,none
ploy,Scot.
pluck,none
pluck,Old English
plucky,none
plug,Dutch
plug,Dutch
plug-in,none
plug-ugly,American English
plugger,none
plum,Old English
plumage,French
plumassier,French
plumb,French
plumb,none
plumb,none
plumb-bob,none
plumbago,Latin
plumber,French
plumbic,Latin
plumbing,American English
plumbo-,Latin
plumbous,Latin
plume,French
plume,none
plumed,none
plummet,French
plummet,none
plump,Dutch
plump,Low German
plump,none
plumpness,none
plunder,none
plunder,German
plunge,French
plunge,none
plunger,none
plunk,none
pluperfect,Latin
plural,French
pluralism,none
plurality,French
pluri-,Latin
pluripotential,none
plus,Latin
plus ca change,French
plush,none
plush,Middle French
plutarchy,Greek
Pluto,Latin
plutocracy,Greek
plutocrat,none
plutogogue,Greek
plutolatry,Greek
plutomania,Greek
Plutonian,Latin
plutonic,Irish
plutonium,none
plutonomic,Greek
pluvial,French
ply,Latin
ply,Middle French
ply,French
Plymouth,none
plywood,none
pn-,English
pneuma,English
pneumatic,Latin
pneumatics,none
pneumato-,Greek
pneumo-,Greek
pneumonia,Modern Latin
pneumonic,Latin
pneumono-,Greek
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis,none
pneumothorax,French
Po,Latin
po-face,American English
poach,Middle French
poach,French
poached,none
poacher,none
Pocahontas,Algonquian
pock,Old English
pock,none
pock-mark,none
pocket,none
pocket,Anglo-French
pocket,American English
pocketbook,none
pocketful,none
poco,Italian
Pocono,Algonquian
pod,Old English
pod,American English
podcast,none
podgy,none
podiatry,Greek
podium,Latin
Podunk,Algonquian
poem,Middle French
poesy,French
poet,French
poetaster,Middle French
poetess,Old Norse
poetic,Middle French
poetry,French
pog,none
pogo,German
pogo stick,none
pogon-,Greek
pogrom,Russian
poh,none
poi,Hawaiian
poignance,none
poignancy,none
poignant,French
poilu,French
poindexter,none
poinsettia,Modern Latin
point,Latin
point,French
point man,none
point of view,French
point-blank,French
pointe,French
pointed,none
pointer,none
pointillism,French
pointing,none
pointless,none
pointy,none
poise,French
poise,French
poison,French
poison,French
poisoner,none
poisonous,none
Poitevin,none
poke,Middle Dutch
poke,Old North French
poke,English
poke,none
Pokemon,Japanese
poker,none
poker,American English
pokey,none
poky,none
pol,American English
Polack,Polish
Poland,none
polar,Middle French
Polaris,Modern Latin
polarisation,English
polarity,none
polarization,French
polarize,French
Polaroid,none
polder,Dutch
pole,Old English
pole,French
Pole,German
pole,none
pole-star,none
pole-vault,none
poleax,none
polecat,Anglo-French
polemarch,Greek
polemic,French
polemic,French
polemicist,American English
polemicize,Greek
polemology,Greek
polenta,Old English
police,Middle French
police,Middle French
policeman,none
Polichinelle,French
policlinic,German
policy,French
policy,Middle French
polio,none
poliomyelitis,German
polis,Greek
polish,French
polish,none
Polish,Polish
polished,none
Politburo,Russian
polite,Latin
politesse,French
politic,Middle French
politic,none
political,Latin
politically,none
politically correct,English
politicaster,Italian
politician,none
politicization,none
politicize,none
politicking,none
politico,Italian
politico-,Latin
politics,English
polity,Middle French
polka,French
polka dot,none
poll,Middle Low German
poll,none
poll,none
Poll,none
pollack,Scot.
pollard,none
pollen,Latin
pollinate,Latin
pollination,French
polliwog,none
pollster,none
pollutant,none
pollute,Latin
polluted,American English
polluter,none
pollution,Late Latin
Pollux,Latin
Polly,none
Pollyanna,none
polo,Tibetan
polonaise,Polish
polonium,Modern Latin
poltergeist,German
poltroon,Middle French
poly-,Greek
polyamorous,none
polyandria,Greek
polyandrous,Greek
polyandry,none
polycentric,none
polychrome,French
polyclinic,none
polydactyl,French
polydipsia,Greek
Polydorus,Latin
polyester,none
polyethylene,French
polygamous,Greek
polygamy,Late Latin
polygenesis,none
polygenic,none
polygenous,none
polyglot,Greek
polygon,Latin
polygraph,Greek
polygyny,Greek
polyhedral,none
polyhedron,Latin
polyhistor,Greek
polymath,Greek
polymer,German
polymerase,Greek
polymeric,none
polymerization,none
polymerize,none
polymorph,Greek
polymorphism,none
polymorphous,Greek
Polynesia,Latin
polynomial,none
polyp,Middle French
polypeptide,German
polyphagia,Latin
Polyphemus,none
polyphonic,English
polyphony,Greek
polyploidy,German
polyrhythm,none
polyrhythmic,none
polysemous,Medieval Latin
polysemy,French
polystyrene,none
polysyllabic,Medieval Latin
polysyllable,none
polysynthesis,none
polytechnic,French
polytheism,French
polytheist,none
polyunsaturated,none
polyurethane,none
polyvalent,Latin
polyvinyl,Latin
pom-pom,none
pomace,French
pomaceous,Vulgar Latin
pomade,Middle French
pome,French
pomegranate,French
pomelo,Latin
Pomerania,German
Pomeranian,none
pommel,French
pommes frites,French
Pomona,Latin
pomp,French
pompadour,none
pompano,American Spanish
Pompeii,none
pompier,French
pompom,French
pomposity,Medieval Latin
pompous,French
pon,none
ponce,French
poncho,American Spanish
pond,none
ponder,French
ponderance,none
ponderosa,Latin
ponderous,Latin
pone,Algonquian
pong,none
Pongo,none
poniard,Middle French
pons,Latin
Pontiac,Algonquian
Pontic,none
pontifex,Latin
pontiff,French
pontifical,Middle French
pontificate,Medieval Latin
pontificate,Latin
pontification,Medieval Latin
pontoon,French
Pontus,Greek
pony,Scot.
pony,Latin
ponytail,none
Ponzi scheme,none
poo,none
pooch,American English
poodle,German
poof,none
poof,none
pooh,none
pooh-bah,none
pooh-pooh,none
pool,Old English
pool,French
pool,none
pool,none
poontang,French
poop,Middle French
poop,none
poop,none
poop,none
pooped,none
poor,French
poor,Latin
poorhouse,none
poorly,none
poorness,none
pop,none
pop,none
pop,American English
pop,none
pop-eyed,none
pop-gun,none
pop-up,none
popcorn,none
pope,Old English
popery,none
popinjay,French
popish,none
poplar,Anglo-French
poplin,French
popliteal,Modern Latin
popover,none
poppet,none
poppy,Old English
poppycock,American English
popsicle,none
popster,none
populace,Middle French
popular,Middle French
popularity,French
popularization,none
popularize,none
populate,Medieval Latin
population,Late Latin
populism,none
populist,American English
populous,Latin
porcelain,Middle French
porch,French
porcine,French
porcupine,French
pore,French
pore,French
porgy,Spanish
Porifera,Modern Latin
pork,French
porker,none
porky,none
porn,none
porno,none
pornographer,none
pornographic,none
pornography,French
porosity,French
porous,French
porphyria,German
porphyrite,none
porphyry,French
porpoise,French
porridge,Middle English
porringer,Middle English
port,Old English
port,Old English
port,French
port,none
port,Middle French
port-wine,none
portable,French
portage,French
portal,French
portcullis,French
Porte,French
porte-cochere,French
portend,Latin
portent,Middle French
portentous,Latin
porter,Anglo-French
porter,Anglo-French
porter,none
porterhouse,none
portfolio,Italian
porthole,none
portico,Italian
portiere,French
portion,French
portion,French
Portland,English
portly,none
portmanteau,Middle French
portobello,none
portrait,Middle French
portraiture,French
portray,Anglo-French
portrayal,none
portsider,American English
Portugal,Medieval Latin
Portuguese,Portuguese
posable,none
posada,Spanish
pose,French
pose,Middle French
pose,French
Poseidon,Greek
poser,none
poseur,French
posh,none
posit,Latin
position,French
position,none
positional,none
positive,French
positive,none
positively,none
positivism,none
positivity,none
positron,none
posse,Anglo-Latin
possess,French
possessed,none
possession,French
possessive,Middle French
posset,none
possibility,French
possible,French
possible,none
possibly,none
POSSLQ,none
possum,none
post,none
post,Old English
post,Middle French
post,Middle French
post,none
post,none
post,none
post,none
post,none
post factum,Latin
post hoc,Latin
post meridiem,Latin
post office,none
post restante,French
post-,Latin
post-bellum,none
post-classical,none
post-glacial,none
post-graduate,American English
post-hole,none
post-impressionism,none
Post-it,none
post-millennial,none
post-modern,none
post-mortem,Latin
post-operative,none
post-partum,Latin
postage,none
postal,French
postcard,none
postdate,none
postdiluvial,none
posted,American English
poster,none
posterior,Latin
posterior,Lithuanian
posteriority,French
posterity,French
postern,French
posthaste,none
posthumous,Late Latin
postillon,Middle French
postlude,none
postman,none
postmark,none
postmaster,none
postmodernism,none
postnatal,none
postpone,Latin
postponement,none
postposition,none
postprandial,Latin
postscript,Latin
postulant,French
postulate,Medieval Latin
postulate,Latin
posture,French
posture,none
Posturpedic,none
postwar,none
posy,none
pot,Old English
pot,Mexican Spanish
pot,none
pot-bellied,none
pot-belly,none
pot-holder,none
pot-pie,American English
potable,French
potage,French
potamo-,Greek
potamology,none
potash,Dutch
potassium,English
potation,French
potato,Spanish
potboiler,none
poteen,Irish
Potemkin,Russian
potence,French
potency,Latin
potent,Latin
potentate,French
potential,French
potentiality,Medieval Latin
potentially,none
potentiate,Latin
potentiometer,Latin
pothead,none
pother,none
pothole,Middle English
potion,French
potlatch,Chinook
potluck,none
Potomac,Algonquian
potpourri,French
Potsdam,German
potsherd,Middle English
potshot,none
pottage,French
potted,none
potter,Old English
potter,Old English
pottery,French
potty,none
potty,none
POTUS,none
pouch,Anglo-French
pouf,French
poulter,none
poulterer,Anglo-French
poultice,Middle English
poultry,French
pounce,Middle English
pounce,French
pound,Old English
pound,Old English
pound,Middle English
poundage,none
pour,Old English
pouring,none
pout,Scand
pouty,none
poverty,French
pow,none
POW,none
powder,French
powder,French
powdery,none
power,Anglo-French
power,none
power-broker,none
powerful,none
powerhouse,none
powerless,none
PowerPoint,none
powwow,Algonquian
pox,none
poxy,English
poy,none
ppm,none
PR,none
practic,French
practicability 1720,none
practicable,Middle French
practical,French
practicality,none
practically,none
practice,French
practice,French
practiced,none
practicing,none
practicum,Late Latin
practise,English
practitioner,French
Prado,Spanish
prae-,Latin
praecipe,Anglo-Latin
praenomen,Latin
Praesepe,Latin
praeter-,none
praetor,Latin
Praetorian,Latin
pragmatic,Middle French
pragmatical,Latin
pragmaticism,none
pragmatism,Greek
Prague,Czech
prairie,French
praise,French
praise,none
praiseworthy,none
Prakrit,Sanskrit
praline,French
pram,Old Norse
prance,Middle English
prancer,none
prandial,Latin
prank,Middle Low German
prankster,American English
praseodymium,Modern Latin
prat,none
prate,Middle Dutch
pratfall,none
Pratt,Old English
prattle,none
pravity,Latin
prawn,none
praxis,Medieval Latin
pray,French
prayer,French
prayerful,none
pre-,French
pre-arrange,none
pre-arrangement,none
pre-atomic,none
pre-date,none
pre-dawn,none
pre-eclampsia,none
pre-elect,none
pre-election,none
pre-electric,none
pre-eminence,Late Latin
pre-eminent,Medieval Latin
pre-empt,American English
pre-emption,none
pre-emptive,none
pre-emptory,none
pre-engage,none
pre-exist,none
pre-existence,none
pre-existing,none
pre-law,American English
pre-med,none
pre-op,none
pre-order,none
pre-owned,American English
pre-position,none
Pre-Raphaelite,none
pre-record,none
pre-registration,none
pre-release,none
pre-teen,none
preach,Old English
preacher,French
preachment,none
preachy,none
preamble,French
preamplifier,none
preassembly,none
prebend,French
Precambrian,none
precarious,Latin
precatory,Late Latin
precaution,French
precautionary,none
precautious,none
precede,Middle French
precedence,none
precedent,Middle French
precedented,none
precent,Latin
precentor,Late Latin
precept,French
preception,Latin
preceptor,Latin
preceptorship,none
precession,Late Latin
precieuse,French
precinct,Medieval Latin
precious,French
precious,none
precipe,Latin
precipice,Middle French
precipitant,Latin
precipitate,Latin
precipitate,Latin
precipitate,none
precipitation,Middle French
precipitious,none
precipitous,French
precis,French
precise,Middle French
preciseness,none
precisian,none
precision,French
preclude,Latin
preclusion,Latin
precocious,Latin
precocity,French
precognition,Late Latin
preconceive,none
preconception,none
precondition,none
preconscious,none
precool,none
precursor,Middle French
predacious,Latin
predate,none
predation,Latin
predator,Latin
predatory,Latin
predecease,none
predecessor,French
predestination,French
predestine,French
predetermination,none
predetermine,Late Latin
predicament,Medieval Latin
predicate,Middle French
predicate,Latin
predicate,Latin
predication,French
predict,Latin
predictability,none
predictable,none
prediction,Middle French
predictive,Late Latin
predictor,Medieval Latin
predilection,French
predispose,none
predisposition,none
prednisone,Latin
predominance,none
predominant,Middle French
predominate,Medieval Latin
preemie,American English
preen,Middle English
prefab,none
prefabricate,none
preface,French
preface,none
prefatory,Latin
prefect,French
prefectural,none
prefecture,Middle French
prefer,French
preferable,French
preference,Middle French
preferential,Medieval Latin
preferment,none
prefiguration,Late Latin
prefigure,Late Latin
prefix,Latin
prefix,Middle French
preflight,none
preformed,Latin
preggers,none
preggo,none
preglacial,none
pregnable,Middle English
pregnancy,none
pregnant,French
pregnant,Latin
preheat,none
prehensile,French
prehension,Latin
prehistoric,French
prehistory,none
prejudge,French
prejudice,French
prejudice,none
prejudicial,Middle French
prelapsarian,Latin
prelate,French
prelim,none
preliminary,French
prelude,Middle French
premarital,none
premature,Latin
premedical,none
premeditate,Latin
premeditation,French
premenstrual,none
premier,Middle French
premier,none
premiere,French
premillennial,none
premise,French
premise,none
premises,none
premium,Latin
premolar,none
premonition,Anglo-French
premonitory,Late Latin
premorbid,none
premotion,Latin
prenatal,English
prentice,none
prenup,none
prenuptial,none
preoccupancy,none
preoccupation,Latin
preoccupied,none
preoccupy,none
preordain,none
prep,none
prep,none
preparation,Latin
preparatory,Late Latin
prepare,Middle French
preparedness,none
prepay,none
prepend,Latin
prepense,French
preponderance,Latin
preponderant,Latin
preponderate,Latin
preponderous,none
preposition,Latin
prepositional,none
prepossess,none
prepossessing,none
prepossession,none
preposterous,Latin
preppie,none
preprandial,Latin
preprint,none
preprint,none
preprocess,none
preprogram,none
prepubescent,none
prepublication,none
prepuce,French
prequel,none
prerecord,none
prerequisite,none
prerogative,Anglo-Latin
presage,Latin
presage,Middle French
presby-,Greek
presbycousis,Latin
presbyopia,Latin
presbyter,Late Latin
Presbyterian,Scot.
presbytery,Church Latin
preschool,none
prescience,French
prescient,Middle French
prescreen,none
prescribe,Latin
prescription,French
prescriptive,Late Latin
preselect,none
preselection,none
presence,French
present,French
present,French
present,French
present,French
present-day,none
presentable,none
presentation,French
presenter,none
presentiment,French
presently,none
presentment,French
preservation,French
preservationist,none
preservative,French
preserve,Anglo-French
preserve,none
preset,none
preside,French
presidence,French
presidency,Medieval Latin
president,French
presidential,Medieval Latin
presidio,American English
Presidium,Russian
press,French
press,French
press,Latin
press-gang,none
pressing,none
pressman,none
pressroom,none
pressure,French
pressure,American English
pressurization,none
pressurize,none
Prester John,Vulgar Latin
prestidigitation,French
prestidigitator,French
prestige,French
prestigious,Latin
presto,Italian
presumable,none
presumably,none
presume,French
presumption,French
presumptive,French
presumptuous,French
presuppose,French
presupposition,Middle French
pret a porter,French
pretend,French
pretend,none
pretended,none
pretender,English
pretense,Anglo-French
pretension,Medieval Latin
pretentious,French
preter-,Latin
preterhuman,none
preterist,none
preterite,French
preterm,none
pretermission,Latin
pretermit,Latin
preternatural,Medieval Latin
preterperfect,Late Latin
pretest,none
pretext,French
pretrial,American English
prettification,none
prettify,none
prettily,none
prettiness,none
pretty,Old English
pretty,none
pretty,none
pretty-boy,Middle English
pretzel,German
prevail,French
prevailing,none
prevalence,Middle French
prevalent,Latin
prevaricate,Latin
prevarication,French
prevaricator,French
prevenient,Latin
prevent,Latin
preventable,none
preventative,none
prevention,Middle French
preventive,Latin
preverbal,none
preview,none
preview,none
previous,Latin
prevision,French
prex,Latin
prexy,none
prey,French
prey,French
prez,American English
priapic,Greek
priapism,Late Latin
price,French
price,French
price-tag,none
priceless,none
pricey,none
prick,Middle English
prick,Old English
prickle,Old English
prickly,none
pride,Old English
pride,none
prideful,Old English
prier,none
priest,Old English
priestcraft,none
priestess,none
priesthood,Old English
priestly,Old English
prig,none
prim,French
prima,Italian
prima donna,Italian
prima facie,Latin
primacy,French
primal,Medieval Latin
primary,Latin
primary,American English
primate,French
primatology,none
primavera,Italian
prime,Latin
prime,Old English
prime,none
prime minister,none
primer,none
primer,Medieval Latin
primer,none
primeval,Latin
primigravida,German
priming,none
primipara,Modern Latin
primitive,French
primitive,Latin
primitivism,none
primo,Italian
primogenitor,Medieval Latin
primogeniture,French
primordial,Late Latin
primp,Scot.
primrose,French
primum mobile,Medieval Latin
primus,Latin
prince,French
Prince Albert,none
Prince Charming,French
princeling,none
princely,none
princess,French
principal,French
principal,French
principality,French
principally,none
principia,Latin
principle,Anglo-French
principled,none
print,French
print,none
print-out,none
printable,none
printer,none
printing,none
prion,Greek
prior,Latin
prior,Old English
prioress,Medieval Latin
prioritise,English
prioritization,none
prioritize,none
priority,French
priory,Anglo-French
Priscian,Latin
Priscilla,Latin
prism,Late Latin
prismatic,Greek
prison,French
prison,French
prisoner,Middle English
priss,none
prissy,none
pristine,Middle French
prithee,none
prius,Latin
privacy,French
private,Latin
private,Latin
privateer,none
privation,French
privatisation,English
privative,Latin
privatization,none
privatize,none
privet,none
privilege,Old English
privilege,French
privileged,none
privity,French
privy,French
privy,French
prix fixe,French
prize,French
prize,French
prize,Middle English
prized,Middle English
pro,none
pro,Latin
pro bono,Medieval Latin
pro forma,Latin
pro rata,Latin
pro tanto,Latin
pro tem,none
pro tempore,Latin
pro-,Latin
pro-am,none
pro-choice,none
pro-life,none
pro-slavery,none
proactive,none
probabilistic,French
probability,French
probable,French
probably,none
proband,Latin
probate,Latin
probate,Latin
probation,French
probative,Latin
probe,Medieval Latin
probe,Latin
probity,Middle French
problem,French
problematic,French
proboscis,Latin
procaine,none
procedural,none
procedure,French
proceed,French
proceeding,none
proceedings,none
proceeds,none
procerity,Latin
process,Middle French
process,French
process,none
procession,Old English
processional,Medieval Latin
processional,none
processor,Latin
proclaim,Latin
proclamation,French
proclitic,Medieval Latin
proclivity,Middle French
proconsul,Latin
procrastinate,Latin
procrastination,Middle French
procrastinator,Latin
procreant,Latin
procreate,Latin
procreation,French
Procrustean,Attic
proctalgia,Latin
proctology,Greek
proctor,none
proctor,none
procumbent,Latin
procurable,none
procurator,French
procure,French
procurement,French
procurer,Anglo-French
Procyon,Latin
prod,Middle English
prod,none
prodigal,Middle French
prodigality,French
prodigious,Middle French
prodigy,Latin
prodromal,Modern Latin
prodrome,French
produce,Latin
produce,none
producer,none
product,Medieval Latin
production,French
productive,French
productivity,none
proem,French
prof,none
profanation,French
profane,French
profane,French
profanity,Late Latin
profer,French
profess,French
professed,none
profession,French
professional,none
professional,none
professionalism,none
professionalize,none
professor,French
professorial,none
professorship,none
proffer,Anglo-French
proficiency,Latin
proficient,French
profile,Italian
profile,Italian
profiling,American English
profit,French
profit,French
profitability,none
profitable,French
profiteer,English
profitless,none
profligacy,none
profligate,Latin
profound,French
profundity,French
profuse,Latin
profusion,Middle French
profusive,none
prog,none
progenitor,Anglo-French
progeny,French
progeria,Modern Latin
progesterone,German
prognathous,none
prognosis,Late Latin
prognostic,Medieval Latin
prognosticate,Medieval Latin
prognostication,French
prognosticator,Latin
program,Late Latin
program,none
programmable,none
programmatic,Greek
programme,none
programmer,none
progress,English
progress,French
progression,French
progressive,French
progressivism,none
prohibit,Latin
prohibition,Anglo-French
prohibitive,French
project,Latin
project,Latin
projected,none
projectile,Modern Latin
projection,Middle French
projectionist,none
projector,Latin
prokaryote,French
prokaryotic,none
prolactin,none
prolapse,Latin
prole,none
prolegomenon,Greek
prolepsis,Latin
proles,Latin
proletarian,Latin
proletarianism,none
proletariat,French
prolicide,Latin
proliferate,none
proliferation,French
proliferative,none
prolific,French
prolix,French
prolixity,French
prologue,French
prolong,French
prolongation,French
prom,American English
promenade,Middle French
promenade,none
Promethean,none
Prometheus,Greek
promethium,none
prominence,French
prominent,Latin
promiscuity,French
promiscuous,Latin
promise,French
promise,Hebrew
promising,none
promisor,Latin
promissory,Medieval Latin
promnesia,Modern Latin
promo,none
promontory,Middle French
promote,French
promoter,French
promotion,French
promotional,none
prompt,Latin
prompt,Latin
prompt,French
prompter,none
promptness,none
promulgate,Latin
promulgation,Middle French
pronate,Late Latin
pronation,French
prone,Latin
prong,Anglo-Latin
pronomial,Late Latin
pronoun,Middle French
pronounce,French
pronounceable,none
pronounced,none
pronouncement,none
pronto,Spanish
pronunciation,Middle French
proof,Anglo-French
proof,none
proofread,none
proofreader,none
prop,Dutch
prop,Middle Dutch
prop,none
prop,none
propaedeutic,Greek
propaganda,Latin
propagandist,none
propagandize,none
propagate,Latin
propagation,French
propane,French
propel,Latin
propellant,none
propellent,none
propeller,none
propensity,Latin
proper,French
propertied,none
property,Anglo-French
prophase,German
prophecy,French
prophesy,French
prophet,French
prophetess,none
prophetic,Middle French
prophylactic,Middle French
prophylaxis,Modern Latin
propinquity,French
propitiate,Latin
propitiation,Late Latin
propitiatory,Late Latin
propitious,Anglo-French
propone,Latin
proponent,Latin
proport,French
proportion,French
proportion,Middle French
proportional,Late Latin
proportionality,French
proportionate,Medieval Latin
proposal,none
propose,French
proposition,French
proposition,none
propound,Middle English
proprietary,Medieval Latin
proprietor,none
propriety,French
proprioception,Latin
propulsion,Latin
propulsive,Latin
prorate,American English
proration,none
prorogue,French
prosaic,Middle French
proscenium,Latin
prosciutto,Italian
proscribe,Latin
proscription,Latin
proscriptive,Latin
prose,French
prosecute,Latin
prosecution,Middle French
prosecutor,Medieval Latin
proselyte,French
proselytise,English
proselytism,none
proselytization,none
proselytize,none
proselytizer,none
Proserpina,Latin
prosify,none
prosiness,none
prosit,German
prosodemic,Greek
prosody,Latin
prosopagnosia,Latin
prosopopeia,Latin
prospect,Latin
prospect,Latin
prospective,French
prospector,none
prospectus,French
prosper,French
prosperity,French
prosperous,Middle French
prostaglandin,German
prostate,Middle French
prostatitis,none
prosthesis,Late Latin
prosthetic,Latin
prosthetics,none
prostitute,Latin
prostitute,Latin
prostitution,Middle French
prostomium,Latin
prostrate,Latin
prostrate,none
prostration,French
prosy,none
Prot,none
protagonist,Greek
Protean,Greek
protease,none
protect,Latin
protectant,none
protection,French
protectionism,none
protectionist,French
protective,German
protector,French
protectorate,none
protege,French
protein,French
proteinuria,Modern Latin
protero-,Greek
Proterozoic,none
protest,French
protest,French
Protestant,German
Protestantism,French
protestation,French
protester,none
Proteus,Greek
prothalamion,Greek
prothesis,Greek
prothonotary,Late Latin
protist,Modern Latin
proto-,Greek
proto-language,none
protocol,Middle French
proton,English
protoplanet,none
protoplasm,German
protostar,none
prototype,French
prototypical,none
Protozoa,Modern Latin
protozoic,Greek
protract,Latin
protraction,Middle French
protractor,Medieval Latin
protrude,Latin
protrusion,French
protuberance,Late Latin
protuberant,French
proud,Old English
proudly,Old English
provable,French
prove,French
provection,Late Latin
provedore,Portuguese
proven,Scot.
provenance,French
Provencal,French
Provence,French
provender,Anglo-French
provenience,Latin
proverb,French
proverbial,Late Latin
provide,Latin
provided,none
providence,French
provident,Latin
providential,Latin
provider,none
province,French
provincial,French
provincial,none
provincialism,none
provinciality,none
provision,French
provision,none
provisional,Middle French
provisioner,none
provisions,none
proviso,Medieval Latin
provocate,Latin
provocateur,French
provocation,French
provocative,Middle French
provoke,French
provoking,none
provolone,Italian
provost,Old English
prow,Middle French
prowess,French
prowl,none
prowler,none
prowling,none
proxemics,none
proximal,Latin
proximate,Late Latin
proximity,Middle French
proxy,Anglo-French
Prozac,none
prude,French
prudence,French
Prudence,none
prudent,French
prudential,Medieval Latin
prudery,French
prudish,none
prune,French
prune,French
prunella,French
prurience,none
prurient,Latin
pruritus,Latin
prushun,none
Prussia,Medieval Latin
Prussian,English
pry,Old English
pry,French
psalm,Old English
psalmist,Middle French
psalter,Old English
psaltery,French
psammo-,Greek
psephocracy,Greek
psephology,Greek
psephomancy,Greek
pseudepigraphy,German
pseudo,none
pseudo-,Greek
pseudo-science,none
pseudo-scientific,none
pseudocide,none
pseudograph,German
pseudomorph,German
pseudonym,German
pseudonymous,Modern Latin
pseudopod,Modern Latin
pshaw,none
psi,Greek
psilanthropism,Greek
psilo-,Greek
psilocybin,Modern Latin
psilosis,Latin
psionic,none
psittacine,Latin
psittacism,French
psoas,Greek
psoriasis,Latin
psych,none
psyche,Latin
psychedelia,none
psychedelic,Greek
psychedelicize,none
psychiatric,French
psychiatrist,Anglican
psychiatry,French
psychic,Greek
psychic,none
psycho,none
psycho,none
psycho-,Greek
psycho-history,none
psychoactive,none
psychoanalysis,French
psychoanalyst,none
psychoanalytic,none
psychoanalyze,none
psychobabble,none
psychodrama,none
psychodynamic,none
psychogenesis,none
psychogenic,none
psychographic,none
psychography,none
psychokinesis,none
psychological,French
psychologist,none
psychology,Modern Latin
psychometric,none
psychometrics,none
psychomotor,none
psychopath,Russian
psychopathic,German
psychopathology,German
psychopathy,German
psychopharmacology,none
psychopomp,Greek
psychosexual,none
psychosis,Modern Latin
psychosocial,none
psychosomatic,Greek
psychotherapist,none
psychotherapy,French
psychotic,Greek
psychotic,none
psychotropic,Greek
psychro-,Latin
psychrometer,Latin
psychrophobia,none
pt-,Greek
ptarmic,Latin
ptarmigan,Gaelic
ptero-,Greek
pterodactyl,French
Ptolemaic,Greek
Ptolemy,Greek
ptomaine,Italian
ptosis,Greek
pub,none
puberty,French
pubes,Latin
pubescence,Middle French
pubescent,French
pubic,Latin
public,French
public,none
publican,French
publication,French
publicise,English
publicist,English
publicity,French
publicization,none
publicize,none
publicly,none
publish,French
publishable,none
publisher,none
publishing,none
puce,French
pucelle,French
puck,Irish
Puck,Old English
pucker,none
pucker,none
puckish,none
puckster,none
pud,none
pudding,West Germanic
puddinghead,none
puddle,Old English
puddle,none
pudendum,Latin
pudeur,French
pudge,none
pudgy,English
pueblo,Spanish
puericulture,French
puerile,French
puerility,Middle French
puerperal,Latin
puerperium,Latin
Puerto Rican,none
Puerto Rico,Spanish
puff,Old English
puff,Old English
puff-adder,none
puff-ball,none
puffer,none
puffery,none
puffin,none
puffy,none
pug,none
pug-nose,none
pugilism,Latin
pugilist,Latin
pugnacious,Latin
pugnacity,Latin
puisne,Anglo-Latin
puissance,French
puissant,Middle French
puka,Hawaiian
puke,German
puke,none
pulchritude,Latin
pulchritudinous,American English
pule,French
Pulitzer,none
pull,Old English
pull,American English
pullet,Anglo-French
pulley,French
Pullman,none
pullout,none
pullover,none
pullulate,Latin
pullulation,none
pulmonary,French
pulp,Latin
pulp,none
pulpit,Late Latin
pulpy,none
pulque,American Spanish
pulsar,none
pulsate,Latin
pulsation,Middle French
pulse,French
pulse,Latin
pulse,French
pulverise,English
pulverization,French
pulverize,Late Latin
puma,Spanish
pumice,Anglo-French
pumiceous,Latin
pummel,none
pump,Middle Dutch
pump,Dutch
pump,none
pumper,none
pumpernickel,German
pumpkin,Middle French
pun,Italian
punch,French
punch,French
punch,Sanskrit
Punch,Italian
punch,none
punch-bowl,none
puncheon,French
puncheon,none
Punchinello,none
punching,none
punchless,none
punchy,none
punchy,none
punctate,Modern Latin
punctilio,Italian
punctilious,Italian
punctual,Medieval Latin
punctuality,none
punctuate,Medieval Latin
punctuation,Medieval Latin
puncture,Late Latin
puncture,none
pundit,Sanskrit
pungency,none
pungent,Latin
Punic,Latin
punish,French
punishable,none
punisher,none
punishing,none
punishment,Anglo-French
punitive,French
Punjab,Persian
punji,none
punk,Algonquian
punk,none
punk,none
punky,none
punnet,none
punster,none
punt,none
punt,Old English
punt,none
punter,none
punty,French
puny,Middle French
pup,none
pupa,Latin
pupate,none
pupation,none
pupil,French
pupil,English
puppet,Middle English
puppeteer,none
puppetry,none
puppify,none
puppy,Middle French
puppyish,none
pur-,Middle English
Purana,Sanskrit
purblind,Anglo-French
purchase,Anglo-French
purchase,Anglo-French
purchaser,Anglo-French
purdah,Urdu
pure,Old English
pureblood,none
purebred,none
puree,French
puree,none
purely,none
purgation,French
purgative,French
purgatory,French
purge,Anglo-French
purge,English
purgery,French
purification,French
purifier,none
purify,French
Purim,Hebrew
purine,German
purism,French
purist,French
Puritan,Anglican
puritanical,none
Puritanism,none
purity,French
purl,Middle English
purl,Scand
purloin,Anglo-French
purple,Old English
purple,none
purplish,none
purport,Anglo-French
purport,English
purportedly,none
purpose,Anglo-French
purpose,Anglo-French
purposeful,none
purposeless,none
purposely,none
purposive,none
purpura,Modern Latin
purpurescent,Latin
purr,none
purse,Old English
purse,none
purse-seine,none
purser,Middle English
pursual,none
pursuance,Middle French
pursuant,French
pursue,Anglo-French
pursuer,none
pursuit,Anglo-French
purty,none
purulent,Middle French
purvey,Anglo-French
purveyance,Anglo-French
purveyor,French
purview,Anglo-French
pus,Latin
Pusey,none
push,French
push,none
push-button,none
push-off,none
push-up,none
pusher,none
pushmi-pullyu,none
pushover,none
pushy,none
pusillanimity,Middle French
pusillanimous,Late Latin
puss,German
puss,Irish
pussy,none
pussy,Old Norse
pussy-cat,none
pussy-willow,none
pussyfoot,American English
pustule,French
put,Old English
put,none
put-down,none
put-on,none
put-put,none
putative,Middle French
putrefaction,French
putrefy,Middle French
putrescence,Latin
putrescent,Latin
putrid,Latin
putridity,Medieval Latin
putsch,German
putt,Scot.
putt,none
puttee,Sanskrit
putter,none
putter,none
putti,Italian
putty,French
putty,none
putz,German
puy,French
puzzle,none
puzzle,none
puzzlement,none
puzzler,none
puzzling,none
pvc,none
pwned,English
Pyanepsia,Attic
pycno-,Greek
pyelo-,Greek
Pygmalion,Greek
pygmy,Egypt
pyjamas,English
pylon,Egypt
pylorus,Late Latin
pyo-,Greek
pyogenic,Latin
Pyongyang,none
pyracanth,Modern Latin
pyramid,Latin
pyre,Latin
Pyrenees,French
pyretic,French
Pyrex,Greek
pyrexia,Latin
pyrgologist,Greek
pyrite,French
pyro-,Greek
pyroclastic,none
pyrogen,Greek
pyrolatry,none
pyrolusite,Greek
pyrolysis,none
pyromania,German
pyromaniac,none
pyrophobia,none
pyrophoric,Modern Latin
pyrotechnic,Greek
pyrotechnician,none
pyrotechnics,none
Pyrrhic,none
pyrrhic,Latin
Pyrrhonic,none
Pythagorean,Latin
Pythia,Greek
Pythian,none
python,Latin
Pythonesque,none
pythoness,French
pyuria,none
pyx,Latin
Q,Phoenician
Q and A,none
Q.E.D.,Latin
q.t.,none
Qatar,Arabic
qi,none
qu-,none
qua,Latin
Quaalude,none
quack,Middle Dutch
quack,Dutch
quack,none
quacker,none
quackery,none
quacksalver,none
quad,none
Quadragesima,Medieval Latin
quadrangle,French
quadrangular,Medieval Latin
quadrant,Middle French
quadraphonic,Greek
quadrat,French
quadratic,Latin
quadratus,Latin
quadrennial,Latin
quadri-,Latin
quadricentennial,none
quadricep,none
quadriceps,none
quadrifid,none
quadrilateral,Latin
quadriliteral,none
quadrille,French
quadrillion,French
quadripartite,Latin
quadriplegia,Latin
quadriplegic,Greek
quadrivium,Latin
quadroon,Spanish
quadru-,none
quadruped,French
quadruple,Middle French
quadruple,Middle French
quadruplet,none
quadruplex,Latin
quadruplicate,Latin
quadruplicate,Latin
quadruplication,Latin
quaere,Latin
quaff,Low German
quag,Middle English
quagga,Afrikaans
quagmire,American English
quahog,Algonquian
quai,French
quail,French
quail,Middle Dutch
quaint,French
quake,Old English
quake,Old English
Quaker,American English
quale,Old English
qualification,Middle French
qualifier,none
qualify,Middle French
qualitative,Medieval Latin
quality,French
qualm,Old English
qualms,none
quandary,Latin
quango,none
quantifiable,none
quantification,none
quantify,Medieval Latin
quantitation,none
quantitative,Medieval Latin
quantitive,none
quantity,French
quantum,Latin
quarantine,Latin
quarantine,none
quark,German
quarrel,French
quarrel,French
quarrel,French
quarrelsome,none
quarry,Anglo-French
quarry,Medieval Latin
quarry,none
quarryman,none
quart,French
quarter,French
quarter,Old English
quarterback,none
quarterly,none
quartermaster,French
quarters,none
quarterstaff,English
quartet,French
quartile,none
quartile,Middle French
quarto,Medieval Latin
quartz,German
quartzite,none
quasar,none
quash,French
quasi,Latin
quasi-,Latin
quasimodo,Latin
quaternary,Latin
Quatorze,French
quatrain,Middle French
quatrefoil,French
quattrocento,Italian
quaver,Low German
quaver,none
quay,Middle English
quean,Old English
queasy,Scand
Quebec,French
Quechua,Spanish
queen,Old English
queenly,none
Queens,English
Queensberry Rules,none
Queensland,none
queer,Scot.
queer,none
queerness,none
quelch,none
quell,Old English
queller,Old English
quench,Old English
Quentin,French
Quercus,Latin
querent,Latin
quern,Old English
querulous,French
query,Latin
query,none
quesadilla,Spanish
quest,French
quest,French
question,Anglo-French
question,Middle French
questionable,none
questioner,none
questionnaire,French
quetzal,Spanish
Quetzalcoatl,Nahuatl
queue,French
queue,none
queueing,none
quey,Scot.
qui vive,French
quib,Latin
quibble,Latin
quibble,none
quiche,French
quick,Old English
quick,Old English
quick-march,none
quick-step,none
quicken,Old English
quickie,none
quicklime,Latin
quickly,Old English
quickness,none
quicksand,Middle English
quickset,none
quicksilver,Old English
quid,Middle English
quid,Latin
quid pro quo,Latin
quiddity,Medieval Latin
quidnunc,Latin
quiesce,Latin
quiescence,Latin
quiescent,Latin
quiet,French
quiet,French
quiet,Latin
quieten,none
quietism,Italian
quietude,Middle French
quietus,Medieval Latin
quiff,none
quill,Middle High German
quillet,none
quilt,Anglo-French
quilt,none
quilter,none
quim,none
quin,none
quinary,Latin
quince,French
quincunx,Latin
quinella,American English
quinine,French
quinoa,Spanish
quinque-,Latin
quinquennial,Latin
quinsy,French
quint,Middle French
quinta,Spanish
quintain,Anglo-Latin
quintal,French
quintessence,Middle French
quintessential,Medieval Latin
quintet,Italian
quintile,Latin
quintillion,Latin
quintuple,French
quintuple,French
quintuplet,none
quinzane,French
quip,Latin
quip,none
quipu,Quechua
quire,Anglo-French
quire,none
Quirinal,Italian
quirk,German
quirky,none
quirt,Mexican Spanish
quisling,German
quit,French
quit,French
quit-rent,none
quitclaim,Anglo-French
quite,Middle English
quits,Medieval Latin
quittance,French
quitter,American English
quiver,Old English
quiver,Anglo-French
quixotic,English
quiz,none
quiz,Latin
quizzical,none
quo warranto,Medieval Latin
quod,none
quodlibet,Latin
quoin,none
quoit,French
quoits,none
quondam,Latin
Quonset hut,Algonquian
quorate,none
quorum,Latin
quota,Medieval Latin
quotable,none
quotation,Medieval Latin
quote,French
quote,none
quoth,Old English
quotidian,French
quotient,Latin
Quran,Arabic
qwerty,French
-rama,Greek
-re,American English
-rel,French
-ry,none
R,American English
R.A.F.,none
R.E.M.,none
R.O.T.C.,American English
R.S.V.P.,French
Ra,Egypt
Rabat,Arabic
rabbet,French
rabbi,Old English
rabbinate,none
rabbinical,French
rabbit,French
rabble,Middle English
rabble,French
rabble-rouser,none
Rabelaisian,French
rabid,Latin
rabidity,none
rabies,Latin
raccoon,Algonquian
race,Old Norse
race,Middle French
race,Scand
race,Old Norse
race-course,none
race-horse,none
race-riot,American English
race-track,none
raceme,Latin
racer,none
Rachel,Late Latin
rachio-,Greek
rachitic,Latin
racial,none
racialism,none
racialist,none
racialization,none
raciation,none
racing,none
racism,none
racist,French
rack,Middle Dutch
rack,French
rack,Old English
rack,none
rack,none
racket,Gaelic
racket,none
racketeer,none
raconteur,French
racquet,Middle French
racquetball,none
racy,none
rad,none
radar,none
radial,Medieval Latin
radian,none
radiance,Medieval Latin
radiant,Middle French
radiant,none
radiate,Latin
radiate,Latin
radiation,Middle French
radiative,none
radiator,Latin
radical,Late Latin
radical,none
radicalism,none
radicality,none
radicalize,none
radically,none
radicand,Latin
radicant,Latin
radicle,Latin
radicular,Modern Latin
radio,Latin
radio,none
radio-,none
radio-carbon,none
radio-telephone,none
radioactive,French
radioactivity,French
radiocast,none
radiography,none
radioisotope,none
radiolarian,Modern Latin
radiology,Greek
radiometric,none
radioscopy,none
radiotherapy,none
radish,Old English
radium,French
radius,Latin
Radnor,Old English
radon,German
radula,Latin
raffia,none
raffish,Middle English
raffle,French
raffle,none
Rafflesia,Malay
raft,Scand
raft,Middle English
raft,none
rafter,Old English
rag,Old Norse
rag,Danish
rag-bag,none
rag-doll,none
raga,Sanskrit
ragamuffin,Middle English
rage,French
rage,none
ragged,Latin
raggedy,none
raggedy-ass,none
raghead,none
raglan,none
Ragnarok,Old Norse
ragout,French
ragtag,none
ragtime,American English
ragtop,none
ragweed,none
ragwort,none
rah,none
Rahab,Hebrew
raid,Scot.
raid,none
raider,none
rail,French
rail,French
rail,Middle French
rail,none
rail-splitter,none
railing,none
raillery,French
railroad,none
railroad,American English
railroading,none
railway,none
raiment,Anglo-French
rain,Old English
rain,Old English
rain forest,German
rain-cloud,none
rain-out,none
rainbow,Old English
raincheck,none
raincoat,none
raindrop,Old English
rainfall,none
rainmaker,none
rainproof,none
rainstorm,none
rainwater,Old English
rainy,Old English
raise,American English
raise,Scand
raisin,Anglo-French
raising,American English
raison detat,French
raison detre,French
raisonne,French
Raj,none
rajah,Sanskrit
rake,Old English
rake,Old English
rake,none
rakehell,Middle English
rakish,Scand
Raleigh,none
rally,American English
rally,French
rally,French
Ralph,Old Norse
ram,none
ram,Old English
RAM,none
Rama,Sanskrit
ramada,American Spanish
Ramadan,Arabic
ramble,Middle Dutch
ramble,none
rambler,none
rambling,none
Rambo,Swedish
rambunctious,none
ramekin,French
ramification,French
ramify,Middle French
ramjet,none
rammy,none
ramp,French
ramp,none
ramp,French
rampage,Scot.
rampage,none
rampancy,none
rampant,French
rampart,Middle French
ramrod,none
ramshackle,Scot.
ramus,Latin
ran,Old English
ranch,American Spanish
ranch,none
rancher,none
ranchero,American Spanish
rancid,Latin
rancor,French
rancorous,none
rancour,English
rand,English
Randal,Old English
Randolph,Old Norse
random,Middle English
randomize,none
randy,Scot.
rang,Middle English
range,French
range,French
ranger,none
rangy,English
rank,none
rank,French
rank,Old English
rank and file,none
rankle,French
ransack,Scand
ransom,French
ransom,none
rant,Dutch
rant,none
rantallion,none
rap,Scand
rap,none
rap,English
rapable,none
rapacious,Latin
rapacity,Middle French
rape,Anglo-French
rape,Anglo-French
rape,French
Raphael,Late Latin
raphe,Latin
rapid,French
rapidity,French
rapids,French
rapier,Middle French
rapine,Middle French
rapist,none
rapparee,Irish
rappel,French
rappel,none
rapper,none
rapping,none
rapport,French
rapportage,French
rapporteur,French
rapprochement,French
rapscallion,Middle English
rapt,Latin
raptor,Latin
raptorial,Latin
rapture,Middle French
rapture,none
rapturous,none
rara avis,Latin
rare,French
rare,Middle English
rare,none
rarebit,none
raree show,none
rarefaction,Middle French
rarefy,French
rarely,none
rarify,none
rarity,Middle French
ras,Arabic
rascal,French
rascality,none
rascally,none
rase,French
rash,Scot.
rash,French
rasher,Middle English
Raskolnik,Russian
rasp,Middle Dutch
rasp,Middle French
raspberry,Anglo-Latin
Rasputin,Russian
raspy,none
Rasta,none
Rastafarian,Arabic
Rastafarianism,none
rastaquouere,French
raster,German
Rastus,none
rat,Old English
rat,none
rat fink,none
rat-a-tat,none
rat-catcher,none
rat-hole,none
rat-pack,none
rat-poison,none
rat-race,none
rat-tail,none
rat-trap,none
ratable,none
ratafia,French
ratatouille,French
ratbag,none
ratchet,none
ratchet,French
rate,French
rate,French
rate,none
rather,Old English
rathskeller,German
ratification,Middle French
ratify,French
rating,none
ratio,Latin
ratiocinate,Latin
ratiocination,Latin
ration,French
ration,none
rational,French
rationale,Late Latin
rationalise,English
rationalise,English
rationalist,none
rationality,French
rationalization,none
rationalize,none
rationing,none
ratline,none
rats,none
ratsbane,none
rattan,Malay
rattle,Old English
rattle,none
rattler,none
rattlesnake,none
rattletrap,none
ratty,none
raucous,Latin
raunch,none
raunchy,Mexican Spanish
ravage,French
ravage,French
rave,French
rave,none
ravel,Dutch
ravel,none
raven,Old English
ravening,French
ravenous,French
raver,French
ravine,French
raving,none
ravioli,Middle English
ravish,French
ravishing,none
ravishing,none
ravishment,Middle French
raw,Old English
raw-boned,none
raw-head,none
rawhide,none
ray,French
ray,French
Raymond,French
rayon,French
Raza,American Spanish
raze,French
razor,French
razorback,none
razz,none
razzle-dazzle,American English
razzmatazz,none
RBI,none
RCA,none
re,Latin
re-,French
re-absorb,none
re-absorption,none
re-accustom,none
re-acquaint,none
re-acquisition,none
re-adjust,none
re-admission,none
re-admit,none
re-affirm,none
re-affirmation,none
re-aggravate,none
re-align,none
re-alignment,none
re-allocate,none
re-allocation,none
re-ally,none
re-animate,none
re-animation,none
re-appear,none
re-appearance,none
re-apply,none
re-apportion,none
re-apportionment,American English
re-arm,none
re-armament,none
re-arrange,none
re-assemble,none
re-assert,none
re-assess,none
re-assessment,none
re-awaken,none
re-collect,none
re-cover,none
re-echo,none
re-educate,none
re-elect,none
re-enact,none
re-enactment,none
re-enactor,American English
re-energize,none
re-enforce,none
re-enforcement,none
re-enlist,none
re-enter,none
re-entry,Middle French
re-establish,none
re-evaluate,none
re-evaluation,none
re-examine,none
re-form,none
re-formation,none
re-fund,none
re-hear,none
re-ignite,none
re-import,none
re-inter,none
re-lay,none
re-mark,none
re-present,none
re-presentation,none
re-read,none
re-record,none
re-route,none
re-search,none
re-sign,none
re-strain,none
re-up,none
re-view,none
reach,Old English
reach,none
react,none
reactant,none
reaction,French
reactionary,French
reactivate,none
reactive,none
reactor,Latin
read,Old English
read,none
read,none
read-out,none
readability,none
readable,none
reader,Old English
readership,none
readily,none
readiness,none
Reading,Old English
reading,Old English
ready,Old English
ready,none
Reagan,Irish
Reaganomics,none
reagent,none
real,French
real,Spanish
realia,Late Latin
realise,English
realism,French
realist,French
realistic,none
reality,French
realization,none
realize,French
really,none
realm,French
realpolitik,German
Realtor,American English
realty,none
ream,French
ream,Middle English
ream,Old English
reap,Old English
reaper,Old English
rear,Anglo-French
rear,Old English
rear,French
rear,none
rear-end,none
rearward,none
reason,Anglo-French
reason,French
reasonable,French
reasoning,none
reassurance,none
reassure,none
reattach,none
reave,Old English
reaver,Old English
reb,none
rebar,none
rebarbative,French
rebate,French
rebate,none
rebbe,Hebrew
rebec,Middle French
Rebecca,Late Latin
rebel,French
rebel,French
rebel,none
rebellion,French
rebellious,Latin
rebirth,none
reboot,none
rebop,none
reborn,none
reborrow,none
rebound,French
rebound,none
rebroadcast,none
rebuff,French
rebuff,Middle French
rebuild,none
rebuke,Anglo-French
rebuke,none
rebus,Latin
rebut,French
rebuttal,none
rec,none
recalcitrance,French
recalcitrant,French
recalcitrate,Latin
recalibrate,none
recall,Middle French
recall,none
recant,Latin
recantation,none
recap,none
recapitulate,Late Latin
recapitulation,French
recapture,none
recapture,none
recast,none
recce,none
recede,Middle French
receipt,Anglo-French
receivable,Anglo-French
receive,Old North French
received,none
receiver,French
receivership,none
recension,Latin
recent,Latin
receptacle,French
reception,Latin
receptionist,none
receptive,Medieval Latin
receptor,French
recess,Latin
recess,none
recession,French
recessional,none
recessive,Latin
recharge,French
rechargeable,none
recherche,French
recidivate,Medieval Latin
recidivism,French
recidivist,French
recipe,Middle French
recipient,Middle French
reciprocal,Latin
reciprocate,Latin
reciprocating,none
reciprocation,Latin
reciprocity,French
recision,Middle French
recital,none
recitation,French
recitative,Italian
recite,French
reck,Old English
reck,none
reckless,Old English
recklessly,Old English
recklessness,Old English
reckon,Old English
reckoner,none
reckoning,Dutch
reclaim,French
reclamation,French
recline,French
recliner,none
recluse,French
reclusive,English
recognise,English
recognition,Middle French
recognizance,French
recognization,none
recognize,French
recoil,French
recoil,French
recollect,Latin
recollection,French
recombinant,none
recombination,none
recombine,none
recommence,French
recommend,Medieval Latin
recommendation,French
recommission,none
recommit,none
recompense,Middle French
recompense,Middle French
recon,none
reconceptualize,none
reconcilable,none
reconcile,French
reconciliation,French
recondite,French
recondition,none
reconfigure,none
reconnaissance,French
reconnect,none
reconnoiter,French
reconquer,Middle French
reconquest,Middle French
reconsider,French
reconsideration,none
reconstitute,none
reconstruct,none
reconstruction,none
reconvene,Medieval Latin
reconveyance,none
record,French
record,French
record-keeping,none
recordation,French
recorder,Anglo-French
recount,Old North French
recount,American English
recount,none
recoup,French
recourse,French
recover,Anglo-French
recoverable,French
recovery,Anglo-French
recreant,French
recreant,French
recreate,none
recreation,French
recreational,none
recrement,French
recriminate,Medieval Latin
recrimination,French
recrudesce,Latin
recrudescence,Latin
recruit,French
recruit,French
recruiter,none
recruitment,none
recrystallization,none
recrystallize,none
rectal,none
rectangle,Middle French
rectangular,Middle French
rectification,French
rectifier,none
rectify,French
rectilinear,Late Latin
rectitude,Middle French
recto,Latin
recto-,none
rector,Anglo-Latin
rectory,French
rectum,Latin
recumbent,Latin
recuperate,Latin
recuperation,Latin
recur,Latin
recurrence,none
recurrent,Middle French
recurring,none
recursion,Latin
recursive,Latin
recusal,none
recusant,Latin
recuse,French
recyclable,none
recycle,none
recycling,none
red,Old English
red,Phrygian
red cent,American English
red cross,none
red herring,none
red ink,none
Red Sea,Greek
red tape,none
red-blooded,none
red-eye,American English
red-handed,Scot.
red-hot,none
red-streak,none
redact,Latin
redaction,French
redbird,none
redbreast,English
redcap,American English
redcoat,English
redd,Old English
redden,Old English
redder,Scot.
reddish,none
rede,Old English
redeem,Middle French
redeemable,none
redeemer,none
redefine,none
redemption,French
redemptioner,none
redemptive,Latin
Redemptorist,English
redeploy,none
redeployment,none
redesign,none
redesign,none
redevelopment,none
redfish,none
redhead,Old English
redial,none
redingote,French
redirect,none
rediscover,none
rediscovery,none
redistribute,none
redistribution,French
redistributive,none
redistrict,none
redivide,none
redline,none
redneck,Scot.
redness,Old English
redo,none
redolence,French
redolent,French
redouble,Middle French
redoubt,French
redoubtable,French
redound,French
redox,none
redress,French
redressal,Anglo-French
redshirt,none
redskin,none
redstart,Old English
redtail,none
reduce,French
reducible,French
reductio ad absurdum,Latin
reduction,Middle French
reductionism,none
reductionist,none
reductive,Medieval Latin
redundance,Latin
redundancy,none
redundant,Latin
reduplicate,Medieval Latin
reduplication,French
redux,Latin
redware,none
redwood,Scot.
reebok,Dutch
reed,Old English
reedy,Old English
reef,Dutch
reef,Scand
reef,none
reefer,Mexican Spanish
reek,Old English
reek,Old English
reeky,none
reel,Old English
reel,none
reel,none
reel,none
reem,Hebrew
reet,American English
reeve,Old English
ref,none
refashion,none
refectory,Medieval Latin
refer,French
referee,none
referee,none
reference,French
reference,none
referendum,French
referent,Latin
referential,none
referral,none
refill,none
refill,none
refinance,none
refine,French
refined,none
refinement,none
refinery,none
refit,none
reflect,French
reflection,Late Latin
reflective,none
reflectivity,none
reflector,Latin
reflex,Late Latin
reflexive,Medieval Latin
reflexology,German
reflux,Medieval Latin
refocus,none
reforest,none
reform,French
reform,French
reformable,none
reformation,French
reformatory,Latin
reformer,none
reformist,none
reformulate,none
refract,Latin
refraction,Late Latin
refractive,Late Latin
refractor,none
refractory,Latin
refrain,French
refrain,French
reframe,none
refrangible,Vulgar Latin
refresh,French
refreshing,none
refreshment,French
refrigerant,Latin
refrigerate,Latin
refrigeration,Latin
refrigerator,none
refry,Spanish
reft,none
refuel,none
refuge,French
refugee,French
refulgence,Latin
refulgent,Middle French
refund,French
refund,none
refurbish,French
refusal,none
refuse,French
refuse,French
Refusenik,Russian
refutation,Middle French
refute,Middle French
reg,none
regain,Middle French
regal,French
regale,French
regalia,Latin
regard,French
regard,Middle French
regardless,none
regards,none
regatta,Italian
regency,Medieval Latin
regeneracy,none
regenerate,Latin
regenerate,Latin
regeneration,Late Latin
regenerative,French
regent,English
reggae,English
regicide,Latin
regime,French
regimen,French
regiment,French
regiment,none
regimental,none
regimentation,none
Regina,Latin
Reginald,Old High German
region,Anglo-French
regional,Late Latin
regionalism,none
register,French
register,French
register,none
registrant,none
registrar,Medieval Latin
registration,Middle French
registry,none
regnant,Latin
regolith,Greek
regress,Latin
regress,Latin
regression,Latin
regressive,none
regret,French
regret,Middle French
regretful,none
regrettable,none
regroup,none
regrowth,none
regular,French
regular,none
regularity,Middle French
regularize,none
regularly,none
regulate,Late Latin
regulation,none
regulator,Latin
Regulus,Modern Latin
regurgitate,Medieval Latin
regurgitation,Medieval Latin
rehab,none
rehabilitate,Medieval Latin
rehabilitation,Middle French
rehash,none
rehash,none
rehearsal,French
rehearse,Anglo-French
reheat,none
Rehoboth,Hebrew
rehouse,none
rehydrate,none
rehydration,none
Reich,German
Reichstag,German
reification,Latin
reify,Latin
reign,French
reign,French
reimburse,Middle French
reimbursement,none
reimprison,none
Reims,Gaulish
rein,French
rein,none
reincarnate,none
reincarnation,none
reindeer,Scand
reinforce,none
reinforcement,none
reins,none
reinstall,none
reinstate,none
reinstatement,none
reintegrate,none
reintegration,French
reintroduce,none
reintroduction,none
reinvent,none
reinvention,none
reinvest,none
reinvigorate,none
reinvite,none
reissue,none
reiterate,Late Latin
reiteration,Middle French
reject,French
reject,none
rejection,French
rejoice,French
rejoicing,none
rejoin,none
rejoin,Middle French
rejoinder,Middle French
rejuvenate,Latin
rejuvenation,none
rejuvenescence,Latin
rejuvenescent,Medieval Latin
rekindle,none
relapse,Latin
relapse,none
relate,Middle French
related,none
relation,Anglo-French
relational,none
relationship,none
relative,French
relative,Middle French
relatively,none
relativism,none
relativist,none
relativity,none
relator,Latin
relaunch,none
relax,French
relaxant,Latin
relaxation,French
relay,Middle French
relay,French
release,French
release,French
relegate,Latin
relegation,Latin
relent,Latin
relentless,none
relevance,none
relevant,Middle French
releve,French
reliability,none
reliable,Scot.
reliance,none
reliant,none
relic,French
relict,French
reliction,Latin
relief,Anglo-French
relief,French
relieve,French
reliever,none
religate,Latin
religieuse,French
religion,Anglo-French
religiosity,French
religious,Anglo-French
religiously,none
relinquish,French
reliquary,French
relique,French
reliquiae,Latin
relish,none
relish,French
relive,none
reload,none
relocate,none
relocation,Scot.
reluctance,Latin
reluctant,Latin
rely,French
rem,none
remain,Anglo-French
remain,Middle French
remainder,Anglo-French
remake,none
remand,Middle French
remanence,none
remanent,Latin
remark,French
remark,none
remarkable,French
remarriage,none
remarry,none
rematch,none
rematch,none
rematerialize,none
remediable,Middle French
remedial,Late Latin
remediate,none
remediation,Latin
remedy,Anglo-French
remedy,French
remember,French
remembrance,French
remilitarize,none
remind,none
reminder,none
Remington,none
reminisce,none
reminiscence,Middle French
reminiscent,Latin
remise,French
remiss,Latin
remission,French
remit,Latin
remittance,none
remitter,French
remnant,French
remodel,none
remonstrance,Middle French
remonstrate,Medieval Latin
remonstration,Medieval Latin
remora,Latin
remorse,French
remorseful,none
remorseless,none
remote,Middle French
remoulade,French
remount,French
removable,none
removal,none
remove,French
remove,none
removed,none
remunerate,Latin
remuneration,Middle French
remunerative,none
Remy Martin,French
Renaissance,French
renal,French
renascence,none
renascent,Latin
rend,Old English
render,French
render,none
rendering,none
rendezvous,Middle French
rendezvous,none
rendition,French
renegade,Spanish
renege,Medieval Latin
renegotiate,none
renew,Middle English
renewable,none
renewal,American English
renin,German
renminbi,none
rennet,Old English
rennet,French
rennin,none
renounce,French
renovate,Latin
renovation,Middle French
renown,Anglo-French
renowned,none
rent,Old English
rent,French
rent,Middle English
rental,Anglo-French
renter,none
rentier,French
renumber,none
renumerate,none
renunciation,Latin
reobtain,none
reoccupy,none
reoccur,none
reoccurrence,none
reopen,none
reorder,none
reorganization,French
reorganize,none
reorient,none
reorientation,none
reovirus,none
rep,none
repaint,none
repair,French
repair,French
repair,none
repairable,none
reparable,Middle French
reparation,French
repart,none
repartee,French
repass,French
repassage,French
repast,French
repatriate,Late Latin
repatriation,Late Latin
repay,French
repayment,none
repayment,none
repeal,Anglo-French
repeal,Anglo-French
repeat,French
repeat,none
repeated,none
repeater,none
repel,French
repellent,Latin
repellent,none
repent,French
repentance,French
repentant,French
repercussion,Middle French
repercussive,Middle French
repertoire,French
repertory,Late Latin
repetition,French
repetitious,Latin
repetitive,Latin
rephrase,none
repine,none
replace,none
replaceable,none
replacement,none
replant,none
replay,none
replenish,French
replete,French
repletion,French
replevin,Anglo-French
replica,Italian
replicable,Latin
replicate,Latin
replication,Anglo-French
reply,French
reply,none
repo,American English
repoint,none
repopulate,none
report,French
report,French
reportable,none
reportage,French
reported,none
reporter,French
reportorial,American English
repose,Middle French
repose,Latin
repose,Middle French
reposeful,none
reposition,Late Latin
reposition,none
repository,Middle French
repossess,none
repossession,none
repost,none
repot,none
repour,none
repousse,French
reprehend,Latin
reprehensible,French
reprehension,French
reprehensive,Latin
represent,French
representation,French
representational,none
representative,French
representative,none
repress,Latin
repressed,none
repression,Medieval Latin
repressive,Middle French
reprieve,Middle English
reprieve,none
reprimand,French
reprimand,French
reprint,none
reprint,none
reprisal,Anglo-French
reprise,French
reprise,French
repro,none
reproach,French
reproach,Anglo-French
reproachful,none
reprobate,Late Latin
reprobate,none
reprobation,Late Latin
reprocess,none
reproduce,French
reproduceable,none
reproductible,none
reproduction,none
reproductive,none
reprogram,none
reproof,French
reprove,French
reptile,French
Reptilia,Latin
reptilian,none
republic,Middle French
republican,French
republican,none
republicanism,none
republication,none
Republicrat,none
republish,none
repudiate,Latin
repudiation,Latin
repudiatory,none
repugn,French
repugnance,French
repugnant,French
repulse,Latin
repulse,Latin
repulsion,Late Latin
repulsive,Middle French
repurchase,none
repurpose,none
reputable,none
reputation,Latin
repute,Middle French
repute,none
reputed,none
request,French
request,Middle French
requiem,Latin
requiescat,Latin
require,French
required,none
requirement,none
requisite,Latin
requisition,French
requisition,none
requisitioner,none
requital,none
requite,Middle English
reredos,Anglo-French
rerun,none
res ipsa loquitur,Latin
res judicata,Latin
resale,none
reschedule,none
rescind,French
rescission,Late Latin
rescue,French
rescue,French
research,Middle French
research,Middle French
reseat,none
resect,Latin
resection,Latin
resemblance,Anglo-French
resemble,French
resend,none
resent,French
resentful,none
resentment,French
reservation,French
reserve,French
reserve,French
reserved,none
reservist,French
reservoir,French
reset,none
resettle,none
resettlement,none
reshape,none
reshuffle,none
reside,Middle French
residence,French
residency,none
resident,American English
resident,French
residential,none
residual,French
residual,none
residue,French
resign,French
resignation,French
resigned,none
resile,French
resilience,Latin
resiliency,none
resilient,Latin
resin,French
resinate,none
resinous,Latin
resist,French
resistance,French
resistant,French
resistible,none
resistor,Latin
resoluble,Late Latin
resolute,Latin
resolution,French
resolvable,none
resolve,French
resolve,none
resolved,none
resonance,Middle French
resonant,Latin
resonate,Latin
resonator,Latin
resorb,French
resorption,none
resort,French
resort,French
resound,French
resounding,none
resource,French
resource,none
resourceful,none
respect,French
respect,Middle French
respectability,none
respectable,none
respectful,none
respective,Medieval Latin
respectively,none
respects,none
respiration,Latin
respirator,none
respiratory,Modern Latin
respire,French
respite,French
resplendence,Late Latin
resplendent,Latin
respond,French
respondent,Latin
responder,none
response,French
responsibility,none
responsible,French
responsive,Middle French
ressentiment,German
rest,Old English
rest,French
rest,Middle French
rest,Old English
restart,none
restate,none
restatement,none
restaurant,French
restaurateur,French
rested,none
restful,none
restitute,French
restitution,French
restive,Middle French
restless,German
restock,none
restoration,French
restorative,French
restorative,Medieval Latin
restore,French
restrain,French
restrained,none
restraint,French
restrict,Latin
restricted,none
restriction,Middle French
restrictive,Middle French
restring,none
restroom,none
restructure,none
resubmission,none
resubmit,none
result,Medieval Latin
result,none
resultant,French
resultant,Medieval Latin
resume,Middle French
resume,French
resumption,Middle French
resupply,none
resurface,none
resurge,Latin
resurgence,none
resurgent,Latin
resurrect,none
resurrection,Anglo-French
resurvey,none
resuscitate,Latin
resuscitation,French
ret,Middle Dutch
retail,French
retail,French
retailer,none
retailing,none
retain,French
retainer,Middle French
retainer,none
retake,none
retaliate,Latin
retaliation,Late Latin
retaliatory,none
retard,French
retardance,Middle French
retardant,Latin
retardation,Latin
retarded,Italian
retarder,none
retch,Old English
rete,Latin
retell,none
retention,Latin
retentive,French
rethink,none
reticence,Middle French
reticent,Latin
reticle,Latin
reticular,Modern Latin
reticulate,Latin
reticulate,none
reticulation,none
reticule,French
reticulum,Latin
retina,Medieval Latin
retinal,none
retinitis,none
retinue,French
retiracy,American English
retire,Middle French
retired,none
retiree,none
retirement,Middle French
retiring,none
retool,none
retort,French
retort,none
retort,Middle French
retortion,Medieval Latin
retouch,French
retrace,French
retract,French
retractable,none
retraction,Latin
retrain,none
retransmission,none
retread,none
retreat,French
retreat,French
retrench,none
retrench,French
retrenchment,French
retrial,none
retribute,Latin
retribution,French
retributive,none
retrievable,none
retrieval,none
retrieve,Middle French
retriever,none
retro,French
retro-,Latin
retroactive,French
retrocopulation,none
retrofit,none
retroflex,Modern Latin
retrograde,Latin
retrogress,none
retrogression,Latin
retrogressive,Latin
retrospect,Latin
retrospection,Latin
retrospective,none
retrousse,French
retroversion,Latin
retrovirus,none
retune,none
return,French
return,Anglo-French
returnable,none
Reuben,Greek
reunification,none
reunify,none
reunion,French
reunite,Medieval Latin
reupholster,none
reuptake,none
reusable,none
reuse,none
reuse,none
Reuters,none
rev,none
revaluate,none
revaluation,none
revalue,none
revamp,none
revanche,French
revanchist,German
reveal,French
revealed,none
revealing,none
reveille,French
revel,French
revel,French
revelation,French
revelator,Latin
revelatory,none
reveler,French
revelry,none
revenant,French
revenge,French
revenge,Middle French
revengeful,none
revenue,Middle French
reverb,none
reverberant,French
reverberate,Latin
reverberation,French
revere,French
reverence,French
reverence,none
reverend,Middle French
reverend,none
reverent,French
reverential,Latin
reverie,French
reversal,none
reverse,French
reverse,French
reverse,French
reversible,none
reversion,French
revert,French
revetment,French
review,Middle French
review,none
reviewer,none
revile,French
revilement,none
revise,Middle French
revised,none
revision,French
revisionism,none
revisit,Middle French
revitalization,none
revitalize,none
revival,none
revive,Middle French
revocable,French
revocation,French
revoke,French
revolt,Middle French
revolt,Middle French
revolting,none
revolution,French
revolutionary,none
revolutionist,none
revolutionize,none
revolve,French
revolver,none
revolving,none
revue,French
revulsion,Middle French
reward,Anglo-French
reward,Old North French
rewind,none
reword,none
rework,none
rewrite,none
rex,Latin
Reykjavik,Old Norse
Reynard,French
Reynold,French
RFD,American English
Rh factor,none
rh-,Latin
rhabdomancy,Greek
Rhadamanthus,Latin
Rhaetian,Latin
rhapsodic,Greek
rhapsodist,French
rhapsodize,none
rhapsodomancy,French
rhapsody,Middle French
rhea,Modern Latin
Rhemish,English
Rhenish,Anglo-French
rhenium,Modern Latin
rheo-,Greek
rheology,French
rheostat,English
rhesus,Modern Latin
rhetoric,French
rhetorical,Latin
rhetorician,French
rheum,French
rheumatic,French
rheumatism,Late Latin
rheumatoid,Greek
rheumatology,Greek
rheumy,none
rhinal,none
Rhine,German
Rhineland,German
rhinestone,French
rhinitis,Latin
rhino,none
rhino-,Greek
rhinoceros,Latin
rhinology,none
rhinoplasty,none
rhinorrhea,none
rhinovirus,none
rhizoid,Greek
rhizome,Modern Latin
rhizophagous,Greek
Rhode Island,Italian
Rhodes,Greek
Rhodes scholar,Old English
rhodium,Modern Latin
rhododendron,French
rhomb,Middle French
rhomboid,Middle French
rhombus,Late Latin
rhonchus,Latin
Rhone,Indo-European
rhotacism,Modern Latin
rhubarb,French
rhyme,Middle English
rhyme,French
rhythm,Latin
rhythmic,French
ria,Spanish
rialto,Latin
riata,Spanish
rib,Old English
rib,none
ribald,French
ribaldry,French
riband,none
ribband,none
ribbon,French
riboflavin,German
ribonucleic,none
ribose,German
ribosome,none
rice,French
rich,Old English
Richard,Middle English
riches,French
richly,Old English
richness,none
Richter scale,none
ricin,Latin
rick,Old English
rickets,Modern Latin
rickettsia,Modern Latin
rickety,English
rickey,none
rickshaw,Japanese
ricochet,French
ricochet,French
ricotta,Italian
rid,Scand
riddance,none
ridden,none
riddle,English
riddle,Middle English
riddle,Old English
riddle,none
ride,Old English
ride,American English
rider,Old English
ridership,none
ridge,Old English
ridgepole,none
ridicule,French
ridicule,French
ridiculous,Latin
riding,Old English
riding,none
Riesling,German
rife,Old English
riff,none
riffle,American English
riffraff,French
rifle,none
rifle,French
rifle,French
rifleman,none
rift,Scand
rig,Scand
rig,none
Rig veda,Sanskrit
rigatoni,Italian
Rigel,Arabic
rigging,none
right,Old English
right,Old English
right,Old English
right,Old English
right,Old English
right hand,Old English
right wing,none
right-minded,none
righteous,Old English
righteousness,Old English
rightful,Old English
rightly,Old English
righty,none
rigid,Latin
rigidity,Latin
rigmarole,Kentish
rigor,French
rigor mortis,Latin
rigorous,French
rigour,English
rile,American English
rill,Dutch
rim,Old English
rim,none
rime,Old English
rind,Old English
ring,Old English
ring,Old English
ring,Old English
ring,none
ring-road,none
ringer,none
ringing,none
ringleader,Middle English
ringlet,none
ringmaster,none
ringside,none
ringworm,none
rink,Scot.
rinky-dink,none
rinse,French
rinse,none
rio,Spanish
Rio de Janeiro,none
riot,French
riot,French
rioter,French
rioting,none
riotous,French
rip,North Sea Germanic
rip,none
rip,none
Rip Van Winkle,none
rip-off,none
rip-rap,American English
rip-saw,none
rip-tide,none
riparian,Latin
ripe,Old English
ripen,Old English
riposte,French
ripper,none
ripping,none
ripple,none
ripple,none
riproaring,none
ripsnorter,none
rise,Old English
rise,none
risen,Old English
riser,none
risible,Middle French
rising,none
rising,none
risk,French
risk,French
risky,none
Risorgimento,Italian
risotto,Italian
risque,French
Ritalin,none
ritardando,Italian
rite,Latin
ritual,Middle French
ritual,none
ritualistic,none
Ritz,none
ritzy,none
rival,Latin
rival,none
rivalrous,none
rivalry,none
rive,Scand
riven,none
river,Anglo-French
riverine,French
riverside,none
rivet,French
rivet,none
riveter,none
riveting,none
Riviera,Italian
rivulet,Italian
RNA,none
roach,none
roach,French
road,Old English
road kill,none
road-runner,American English
roadblock,none
roadhouse,none
roadie,none
roadside,none
roadster,none
roadwork,none
roam,Old English
roan,Middle French
roar,Old English
roar,Old English
roaring,none
roast,French
roast,none
roaster,none
rob,French
Rob Roy,Scot.
robber,Anglo-French
robbery,French
robe,French
robe,none
Robert,Old North French
robin,none
Robin,French
Robinson Crusoe,none
robot,English
robotic,none
robotics,Russian
robust,Middle French
roc,Arabic
rock,Old English
rock,Old English
rock,none
rock,none
rock and roll,English
rock-bottom,none
rock-candy,none
rock-face,none
rock-garden,none
rock-hound,none
rock-salt,none
rockabilly,none
Rockefeller,none
rocker,American English
rocket,Middle French
rocket,Italian
rocket,none
rocketry,none
Rockies,none
rocking,none
rocks,none
rocky,French
rococo,French
rod,Old English
rode,none
rodent,Modern Latin
rodeo,Spanish
Roderick,Old High German
rodomontade,Italian
roe,Old English
roe,Old English
roebuck,Dutch
roentgen,German
rofl,none
rogation,Latin
Roger,French
Roget,English
rogue,English
roguery,none
roguish,none
Rohypnol,none
roil,Middle French
roister,Middle French
Roland,French
role,French
roleplay,none
Rolex,German
Rolf,Old Norse
roll,French
roll,French
roll call,none
rollback,American English
roller,American English
Rollerblade,none
rollercoaster,none
rollerskate,American English
rollicking,none
rolling,English
rollout,none
rollover,none
Rolls-Royce,none
Rolodex,none
roly-poly,none
Rom,none
romaine,French
Roman,Old English
roman,French
Roman holiday,none
romance,French
romance,French
Romance,French
romancer,French
Romanesque,Latin
Romania,Latin
Romanic,Latin
Romanism,none
Romano,Italian
Romano-,Latin
Romansh,Latin
romantic,none
romantic,French
romanticism,German
romanticist,none
romanticize,none
Romany,Sanskrit
Rome,Old English
Romeo,none
Romish,none
romp,none
romp,none
romper,none
Ronald,Old Norse
rondeau,Middle French
rondel,French
rondo,Italian
ronin,Japanese
roo,none
rood,Old English
roof,Old English
roof,none
roof-top,none
roofer,none
rooibos,Afrikaans
rook,Old English
rook,French
rook,none
rookery,none
rookie,American English
room,Old English
room,Old English
roomer,none
roommate,American English
roomy,none
roose,Scot.
Roosevelt,none
roost,Old English
roost,none
rooster,none
root,Old English
root,Middle English
root,American English
root,none
rootless,none
rope,Old English
rope,none
ropy,none
roque,none
Roquefort,none
Rorschach,German
Rosa,Latin
rosacea,Latin
rosary,Latin
Roscius,none
roscoe,none
rose,Old English
rose,French
rose-colored,none
rose-red,none
rose-water,Middle Dutch
roseate,Latin
rosebud,none
rosemary,Latin
Rosetta Stone,Egypt
rosette,French
rosewood,none
Rosh Hashanah,Hebrew
Rosicrucian,Modern Latin
rosin,French
Rosinante,Spanish
roster,Dutch
rostral,Late Latin
rostrum,Latin
rosy,French
rot,Old English
rot,Scand
rotary,Medieval Latin
rotate,none
rotation,Latin
rotational,none
rotavirus,Latin
rote,French
rotgut,none
Rothschild,none
Rotifera,Modern Latin
rotisserie,French
rotogravure,German
rotor,none
Rototiller,Latin
rotten,Scand
rottenness,none
rotter,none
Rottweiler,German
rotund,Latin
rotunda,Italian
rotundity,Latin
Rotwelsch,German
roue,French
Rouen,Gaulish
rouge,French
rough,none
rough,Old English
rough,none
rough rider,none
rough-hewn,none
rough-house,none
roughage,none
roughen,none
roughly,none
roughneck,none
roughness,none
roughshod,none
roulette,French
round,Anglo-French
round,French
round,none
round robin,none
round-table,French
roundabout,none
roundel,French
roundelay,Middle French
rounder,none
Roundhead,English
roundhouse,Dutch
roundness,none
roundup,none
rouse,Anglo-French
rouser,none
roust,none
roustabout,none
rout,Middle French
rout,none
route,French
route,none
router,none
routine,French
routinization,none
roux,French
rove,English
rover,Middle Dutch
row,Old English
row,Old English
row,none
row-house,American English
rowan,English
rowboat,Dutch
rowdy,American English
rowel,French
Roxanne,French
Roxy,none
royal,French
royal,none
royale,French
royalist,none
royally,none
royalty,French
rpg,none
rpm,none
rRNA,none
rub,East Frisian
rub,none
rub-a-dub,none
rub-down,none
rubaiyat,Persian
rubato,Italian
rubber,American English
rubberneck,none
rubbers,none
rubbery,none
rubbish,Anglo-French
rubble,Anglo-French
rube,none
Rube Goldberg,none
rubella,German
Rubenesque,Flemish
Rubicon,Latin
rubicund,Middle French
Rubiks Cube,Hung
ruble,Russian
rubric,French
ruby,French
ruche,French
rucksack,German
ruckus,none
ruction,none
rudder,Middle English
ruddock,Old English
ruddy,Old English
rude,French
rudely,none
rudesby,none
rudiment,Middle French
rudimentary,none
Rudolph,German
Rudra,Sanskrit
rue,Old English
rue,French
rue,Old English
rue,French
rueful,none
ruefully,none
ruff,Middle French
ruff,none
ruffian,Middle French
ruffle,Old Norse
ruffle,none
rufous,Latin
Rufus,Latin
rug,Scand
rugae,Latin
rugby,Old English
rugged,Old Norse
rugrat,none
ruin,French
ruin,none
ruination,Medieval Latin
ruinous,French
rule,French
rule,French
ruler,none
ruling,none
ruly,none
rum,English
rum,none
rum-runner,none
rumba,Spanish
rumble,Middle Dutch
rumble,none
rumbustious,none
rumen,Latin
ruminant,Latin
ruminate,Latin
rumination,Latin
rummage,Middle French
rummy,none
rumor,French
rumor,none
rumour,English
rump,Scand
Rumpelstiltskin,German
rumple,Old English
rumpus,none
run,Old English
run,Old English
run-down,none
run-in,none
run-of-the-mill,none
run-through,none
run-up,none
runabout,none
runaround,none
runaway,none
runcible,none
runcinate,Modern Latin
rundown,none
rune,Old English
rung,Old English
runic,Modern Latin
runnel,Middle English
runner,none
runner-up,none
running,Old English
running,Mandarin
runny,none
Runnymede,Middle English
runoff,American English
runt,American English
runway,American English
rupee,Urdu
Rupert,German
rupture,Latin
rupture,none
rural,French
rurban,none
Ruritanian,Latin
ruse,French
rush,American English
rush,Anglo-French
rush,Old English
rusk,Spanish
Russell,French
russet,French
Russia,Medieval Latin
Russian,Medieval Latin
Russo-,Russian
rust,none
rust,Old English
rustic,Latin
rusticate,Latin
rustication,Latin
rusticity,Middle French
rustle,Middle Low German
rustle,none
rustler,American English
rusty,Old English
rut,Middle English
rut,French
rutabaga,Swedish
Ruth,Hebrew
ruth,Old Norse
Ruthenian,Ukrainian
ruthenium,Russian
ruthless,none
Ruy Lopez,Spanish
RV,none
Rwanda,none
rye,Old English
s,English
-s,English
-s,Old English
-saurus,Latin
-sch-,English
-scope,Late Latin
-scopy,Modern Latin
-ship,Middle English
-sis,Greek
-sk,Danish
-some,Old English
-some,Old English
-some,Modern Latin
-sophy,French
-spirited,none
-spoken,none
-stan,Persian
-stat,Greek
-ster,Old English
smores,none
S.O.L.,none
S.P.Q.R.,Latin
S.T.D.,Latin
S.W.A.T.,none
s/he,none
Saar,German
Sabaoth,Late Latin
sabaton,French
sabbat,French
Sabbatarian,Latin
Sabbath,Old English
sabbatical,Latin
Sabean,Latin
saber,French
Sabian,Arabic
Sabin,Russian
Sabine,Latin
sable,Middle French
sable,none
sabotage,French
sabotage,none
saboteur,French
Sabra,Hebrew
sabre,none
Sabrina,none
sabulous,Latin
sac,French
Sac,Algonquian
Sacagawea,Siouan
saccade,French
saccharin,German
saccharine,Medieval Latin
sacerdotal,French
sachem,Algonquian
sachet,French
sack,Old English
sack,French
sack,French
sack,Middle French
sack,French
sack,none
sack,none
sack,none
sackbut,French
sackcloth,none
sacral,Modern Latin
sacrament,French
sacramental,French
Sacramento,Spanish
sacre bleu,French
sacred,French
sacrifice,French
sacrifice,Latin
sacrificial,Latin
sacrilege,French
sacrilegious,Latin
sacristan,Medieval Latin
sacristy,Anglo-French
sacro-,none
sacrosanct,Latin
sacrum,Late Latin
sad,Old English
saddelry,none
sadden,Old English
saddle,Old English
saddle,Old English
saddle-tree,none
saddleback,none
saddlebag,none
saddler,none
Sadducee,Old English
Sadie,none
sadism,French
sadist,none
sadistic,German
sadly,none
sadness,none
sado-masochism,Modern Latin
sado-masochist,none
safari,Arabic
safe,Middle French
safe,French
safe-keeping,none
safecracker,none
safeguard,Middle French
safeguard,none
safely,none
safety,French
safety-pin,none
saffron,French
sag,Scand
sag,none
saga,Old Norse
sagacious,Latin
sagacity,Middle French
sagamore,Algonquian
sage,French
sage,French
sage,none
sagebrush,none
sagely,none
saggy,none
sagittal,Modern Latin
Sagittarius,Old English
sago,Portuguese
saguaro,Mexican Spanish
Sahara,Arabic
Sahel,Arabic
sahib,Urdu
said,none
Saigon,none
sail,Old English
sail,Old English
sailboat,none
sailing,Old English
sailor,Old English
sain,Old English
saint,French
saint,none
sainthood,none
saintly,none
sake,Japanese
sake,Old English
saki,none
sakura,Japanese
sal,French
sal volatile,Modern Latin
salaam,Arabic
salacious,Latin
salad,French
Saladin,Egypt
salamander,French
salami,Italian
salary,Anglo-French
salary,none
salat,Arabic
sale,Old English
saleable,none
Salem,Hebrew
salep,Turk
salesman,none
salesmanship,none
salesperson,none
saleswoman,none
Salic,French
salience,none
saliency,none
salient,Latin
salient,none
salination,none
saline,Latin
salinity,none
Salisbury steak,American English
Salish,none
saliva,Middle French
salivary,Latin
salivate,Latin
salivation,French
Salk,none
sallow,Old English
sallow,Old English
Sally,none
sally,Middle French
sally,none
salmagundi,French
salmon,Anglo-French
Salmonella,Modern Latin
Salome,Late Latin
salon,French
saloon,American English
saloop,none
Salopian,none
salsa,Spanish
salsify,French
SALT,none
salt,Old English
salt,Old English
salt river,none
salt water,Old English
salt-box,none
salt-cellar,French
saltation,Latin
saltine,none
saltiness,none
saltire,Middle French
saltpeter,French
saltpetre,English
salty,none
salubrious,Latin
salubrity,Latin
salud,Spanish
salutary,Middle French
salutation,French
salutatorian,American English
salutatory,Latin
salute,Latin
salute,none
salvage,French
salvage,none
salvageable,none
salvation,French
salve,Old English
salve,Old English
salve,none
salver,English
salvia,Latin
salvific,Latin
salvo,Italian
SAM,none
Sam Browne,none
Sam Hill,American English
samadhi,Sanskrit
samara,Latin
Samaria,Greek
Samaritan,Old English
Samarra,Arabic
samba,Portuguese
sambo,American English
sambo,Spanish
sambuca,Italian
same,Old English
same-sex,none
sameness,none
Samhain,Irish
Sami,none
samisen,Japanese
samite,French
samizdat,Russian
Sammy,English
Samnite,Latin
Samoa,none
Samos,Greek
Samothrace,none
samovar,Russian
Samoyed,Russian
sampan,none
sample,Anglo-French
sample,none
sampler,none
samsara,Sanskrit
Samson,Late Latin
Samuel,Late Latin
samurai,Japanese
san,Japanese
San Francisco,Spanish
sanatorium,Modern Latin
sanctification,Church Latin
sanctify,French
sanctimonious,English
sanctimony,Middle French
sanction,Latin
sanction,none
sanctions,none
sanctitude,Latin
sanctity,French
sanctuary,Anglo-French
sanctum,Latin
Sanctus,Latin
sand,Old English
sand,none
sand-blast,none
sand-blind,Old English
sand-castle,none
sand-fly,none
sand-lot,American English
sand-trap,none
sandal,French
sandalwood,French
sandbag,none
sandbag,none
sandbar,none
sandbox,none
sanderling,Old English
sandiness,none
Sandinista,Spanish
sandman,German
sandpaper,none
sandpaper,none
sandpiper,none
Sandra,none
sandspit,none
sandstone,none
sandwich,Hawaiian
sandwich,none
sandy,Old English
Sandy,Scot.
sane,Latin
sang,none
sang-froid,French
sangha,Sanskrit
sangrail,French
sangria,Spanish
sanguinary,French
sanguine,French
sanguineous,Latin
sanguinity,none
sanguinivorous,Latin
sanguinous,Middle French
sanhedrim,Hebrew
sanhedrin,none
sanitarium,Modern Latin
sanitary,French
sanitation,none
sanitize,none
sanitizer,none
sanity,Middle French
sank,none
Sanka,French
sans,French
sans souci,French
sans-culotte,French
sans-serif,French
sansei,Japanese
Sanskrit,Sanskrit
Santa,none
Santa Claus,American English
santeria,Spanish
sap,Old English
sap,Scot.
sap,Middle French
sap,none
sap,none
sapid,Latin
sapience,French
sapient,French
sapling,American English
saponification,French
saponify,French
sapper,none
Sapphic,French
sapphire,French
Sapphism,none
sappy,Old English
saprophyte,French
saprophytic,none
Sara,none
Saracen,Old English
Sarah,Hebrew
Sarajevo,Turk
Saran,none
Saratoga,Iroquoian
sarcasm,Late Latin
sarcastic,none
sarco-,Latin
sarcoid,none
sarcoidosis,none
sarcoma,Latin
sarcophagi,none
sarcophagus,Latin
sardine,Latin
Sardinia,Latin
sardonic,French
sargasso,Portuguese
sarge,none
sari,Sanskrit
sarin,German
sark,Old English
Sarmatia,Latin
sarong,Malay
SARS,none
sarsaparilla,Spanish
sarsen,Cornish
sarsenet,Anglo-French
sartorial,Modern Latin
sash,Arabic
sash,English
sashay,English
sashimi,Japanese
Saskatchewan,none
sasquatch,none
sass,none
sassafras,Spanish
Sassanid,Persian
Sassenach,Gaelic
sassy,American English
SAT,none
Satan,Old English
satanic,none
Satanism,none
Satanist,none
Satanophobia,none
satay,Malay
satchel,French
sate,Latin
sateen,none
satellite,Middle French
satiable,none
satiate,Latin
satiation,none
satiety,Middle French
satin,French
satinette,French
satire,Middle French
satire,none
satiric,French
satirical,Late Latin
satirist,none
satirize,French
satisfaction,French
satisfactory,Middle French
satisfice,Latin
satisfied,none
satisfy,Middle French
satisfying,none
satori,Japanese
satrap,Latin
sattva,Sanskrit
saturate,Latin
saturation,English
Saturday,Old English
Saturn,Old English
saturnalia,Latin
saturnine,Middle English
satyagraha,Sanskrit
satyr,Latin
satyriasis,Latin
satyric,Latin
sauce,French
sauce,none
saucebox,none
saucepan,none
saucer,Anglo-Latin
saucily,none
sauciness,none
saucy,none
Saudi,Arabic
sauerkraut,German
Sauk,none
Sauk,none
Saul,Latin
sault,French
sauna,Finnish
saunter,Anglo-French
saunter,none
saurian,Modern Latin
sausage,Old North French
saute,French
Sauterne,none
savage,French
savage,none
savage,none
savagely,none
savagery,none
savannah,Spanish
Savannah,none
savant,French
savate,French
save,French
save,none
save,French
saved,none
saveloy,French
saver,none
saving,none
savings,none
savior,French
saviour,English
savoir-faire,French
Savonarola,none
savor,French
savor,French
savory,French
savory,Old English
savour,English
savoury,English
Savoy,French
savvy,French
saw,Old English
saw,Old English
saw,none
saw,Old English
sawbones,none
sawbuck,American English
sawdust,none
sawfish,none
sawhorse,none
sawmill,none
sawn,none
sawtooth,none
sawyer,French
sax,none
saxifrage,French
Saxon,Late Latin
saxophone,French
say,Old English
say,Old English
saying,French
sayonara,Japanese
says,none
sayyid,Arabic
sbirro,Italian
scab,Old English
scabbard,Anglo-French
scabies,Latin
scabrous,Late Latin
scad,Cornish
scads,American English
scaffold,Old North French
scaffolding,none
scag,none
scalable,none
scalar,Latin
scalawag,American English
scald,Old North French
scalding,none
scale,French
scale,Old Norse
scale,Latin
scale,Latin
scale,none
scale,none
scale-pan,none
scalene,Late Latin
scallion,Anglo-French
scallop,French
scalp,Scand
scalp,German
scalpel,Latin
scalper,American English
scaly,none
scam,none
scamp,none
scamp,Scand
scamper,Flemish
scampi,Italian
scan,Late Latin
scan,none
scandal,Middle French
scandalise,English
scandalize,Middle French
scandalous,French
Scandinavia,Late Latin
Scandinavian,Scand
scandium,Modern Latin
scanner,none
scansion,Late Latin
scant,Scand
scantily,none
scantling,French
scantly,Scot.
scantness,none
scanty,none
scape,none
scape,none
scape,Latin
scapegoat,Latin
scapegrace,none
scaphoid,Modern Latin
scapula,Modern Latin
scapular,Modern Latin
scapulimancy,none
scar,French
scar,none
scar,Old Norse
scarab,Egypt
scaramouche,Spanish
Scarborough,Old Norse
scarce,Old North French
scarcity,Old North French
scare,Middle English
scare,Middle English
scarecrow,none
scared,none
scaremonger,none
scarf,Old English
scarf,Old North French
scarf,Scand
scarification,French
scarify,Middle French
scarily,none
scarlatina,Modern Latin
scarlet,French
scarp,Italian
scarred,none
scary,none
scat,none
scat,none
scat,Greek
scathe,Old Norse
scathing,none
scatology,Greek
scatter,English
scatterbrain,none
scattering,none
scattershot,none
scavenge,none
scavenger,Middle English
scenario,Italian
scenary,Italian
scene,Middle French
scenery,none
scenic,French
scent,French
scent,none
scented,none
scepter,French
sceptic,English
sceptre,English
sch-,English
schadenfreude,German
schatzi,German
schedule,French
schedule,none
Scheherezade,none
schema,Greek
schematic,Latin
scheme,Medieval Latin
scheme,none
schemer,none
Schenectady,Iroquoian
scherzo,Italian
schism,French
schismatic,French
schist,French
schistosomiasis,Modern Latin
schizo,none
schizo-,Latin
schizoid,German
schizophrenia,Modern Latin
schizophrenic,none
schlemazel,Middle High German
schlemiel,German
schlep,Middle High German
schlep,none
schlock,German
schlong,none
schlub,Polish
schm-,none
schmaltz,Middle High German
schmaltzy,none
schmear,Middle High German
schmendrick,none
Schmidt,Estonian
schmoe,none
schmoo,none
schmooze,Hebrew
schmuck,Polish
schnapps,German
schnauzer,German
schnitzel,German
schnook,German
schnorrer,German
schnozz,German
scholar,Old English
scholarly,none
scholarship,none
scholastic,Middle French
Scholasticism,none
scholiast,Late Latin
school,Old English
school,Middle Dutch
school,none
school,none
school-book,none
schoolboy,none
schooled,none
schoolgirl,none
schooling,none
schoolmarm,American English
schoolroom,none
schooner,Scot.
schottische,German
schuhplattler,German
Schutzstaffel,German
schvartze,German
schwa,German
Schwenkfeldian,none
sciamachy,Greek
sciatic,Middle French
sciatica,Medieval Latin
science,French
science fiction,none
scienter,Latin
scientific,Middle French
scientist,Latin
Scientology,Latin
scilicet,Latin
Scilly,Old Norse
scimitar,Middle French
scintilla,Latin
scintillate,Latin
scintillation,Latin
sciolism,none
sciolist,Late Latin
sciomancy,Modern Latin
scion,French
sciophobia,Latin
scirrhous,Middle French
scission,French
scissor,none
scissors,French
SCLC,none
sclera,Latin
sclero-,Latin
scleroderma,Modern Latin
sclerosis,Medieval Latin
sclerotic,Latin
scoff,Scand
scoffer,none
scofflaw,none
scold,Old Norse
scold,none
scolex,Modern Latin
scoliosis,Latin
sconce,French
scone,Scot.
scooch,none
scoop,Low German
scoop,Middle Dutch
scooper,none
scoot,Scot.
scooter,none
scop,Old English
scopa,Latin
scope,Italian
scope,Greek
scope,none
scopophilia,Greek
scoptic,Greek
scorbutic,Modern Latin
scorch,Old Norse
scorcher,none
score,Old English
score,none
scoreless,none
scorn,French
scorn,Anglo-French
scorner,none
scornful,none
Scorpio,Latin
scorpion,French
Scot,Old English
scot-free,Old English
scotch,Anglo-French
Scotch,Scot.
scotch,Scot.
scotch,none
Scotland,Scot.
Scotland Yard,Scot.
scotoma,Late Latin
Scots,Scot.
Scotsman,Scot.
Scott,Old English
Scottie,Scot.
Scottish,Old English
scoundrel,Anglo-French
scour,Middle Dutch
scour,Old Norse
scourge,Anglo-French
scourge,French
scouse,none
scout,French
scout,Scand
scout,none
scouting,none
scoutmaster,none
scow,Dutch
scowl,Scand
scowl,none
scrabble,Dutch
Scrabble,none
scrag,Scand
scraggly,none
scraggy,Scot.
scram,German
scramble,none
scramble,none
scrannel,Scand
scrap,none
scrap,none
scrap,Old Norse
scrap,none
scrap-heap,none
scrapbook,none
scrape,Old Norse
scrape,none
scraper,none
scrapper,none
scrapple,none
scrappy,none
scrapyard,none
scratch,Middle English
scratch,American English
Scratch,Old Norse
scratchy,none
scrawl,Middle English
scrawny,Scand
scream,Scand
scream,Latin
scree,Old Norse
screech,none
screech,none
screed,Old English
screen,Anglo-French
screen,none
screenplay,none
screenshot,none
screenwriter,none
screw,Middle French
screw,none
screwball,none
screwdriver,none
screwy,none
scribble,Medieval Latin
scribbler,none
scribe,Latin
scribe,Church Latin
scrim,none
scrimmage,none
scrimmage,none
scrimp,English
scrimpy,none
scrimshaw,American English
scrip,none
script,French
script,none
scriptorium,Late Latin
scriptural,Modern Latin
scripture,Late Latin
scritch,none
scrivener,French
scrod,Dutch
scrofula,Late Latin
scrofulous,Medieval Latin
scroggy,Scot.
scroll,Anglo-French
scroll,none
scrollwork,none
Scrooge,English
scrotum,Latin
scrounge,none
scrub,Middle Dutch
scrub,Scand
scrub,none
scrubby,none
scruff,Frisian
scruffy,Old English
scrum,none
scrumptious,none
scrunch,none
scruple,none
scruple,French
scrupulous,Anglo-French
scrutable,none
scrutinise,English
scrutinization,none
scrutinize,French
scrutiny,Late Latin
scry,none
scuba,none
scud,Middle English
scudo,Italian
scuff,Scot.
scuffle,Scand
scull,none
scullery,French
scullion,Middle French
sculpt,French
sculptor,Latin
sculpture,Latin
scum,Middle Dutch
scumbag,none
scummy,none
scupper,French
scuppernong,none
scurf,Old English
scurfy,none
scurrility,Latin
scurrilous,Latin
scurry,none
scurvy,Dutch
scuse,none
scut,none
scut,Old Norse
scutcheon,none
scuttle,Old English
scuttle,none
scuttle,Middle French
scuttlebutt,none
scuzzy,none
Scylla,Latin
scythe,Old English
scythe,none
Scythian,Latin
se-,Latin
sea,Old English
sea monkey,none
sea-breeze,none
sea-dog,none
sea-floor,none
sea-green,none
sea-horse,none
sea-lion,German
sea-monster,Old English
sea-salt,none
Seabee,none
seaboard,none
seacoal,Old English
seafarer,none
seafaring,none
seafood,American English
seagull,none
seal,French
seal,Old English
seal,none
sealant,none
sealskin,none
seam,Old English
seam,none
seaman,Old English
seamanship,none
seamless,none
seamount,none
seamstress,Old English
seamy,none
Sean,Irish
seance,French
seaplane,none
seaport,none
sear,Old English
search,French
search,Anglo-French
searchable,none
searchlight,none
seashell,Old English
seashore,Old English
seasick,none
seaside,Old English
season,French
season,French
seasonable,none
seasonal,none
seasoned,none
seasoning,none
seat,Old Norse
seat,French
seat,none
SEATO,none
Seattle,none
seavy,Old Norse
seaweed,Old English
seaworthy,Old English
sebaceous,Latin
Sebastian,Latin
seborrhea,Modern Latin
sebum,Latin
sec,none
sec,French
secant,Latin
secateurs,French
secede,Latin
secession,Latin
secessionist,Scot.
seclude,Latin
secluded,none
seclusion,Medieval Latin
seclusive,Latin
Seconal,none
second,French
second,French
second,Middle French
second,none
second nature,Latin
second-class,none
second-guess,American English
second-hand,none
second-rate,none
secondary,Latin
secondly,none
secondment,none
seconds,none
secrecy,French
secret,none
secret,Latin
secretaire,French
secretarial,Medieval Latin
secretariat,French
secretary,Medieval Latin
secrete,none
secretion,French
secretive,Middle English
secretly,none
secretory,none
sect,French
sectarian,Medieval Latin
sectarianism,none
sectary,French
section,French
section,none
sectional,none
sectionalism,American English
sector,Late Latin
secular,French
secularism,none
secularist,none
secularization,none
secularize,none
secundine,Late Latin
secure,Latin
secure,none
security,Latin
sedan,Italian
sedate,none
sedate,Latin
sedation,Middle French
sedative,Medieval Latin
sedentary,Middle French
Seder,Hebrew
sederunt,Latin
sedge,Old English
sediment,Middle French
sedimentary,none
sedimentation,none
sedition,French
seditious,Middle French
seduce,Latin
seductible,Latin
seduction,Middle French
seductive,Latin
seductress,Latin
sedulity,Latin
sedulous,Latin
sedum,Latin
see,Old English
see,French
see-saw,none
see-saw,none
see-through,none
seed,none
seed,Old English
seed-cake,none
seeded,none
seedling,none
seedy,none
seeing,American English
seek,Old English
seeker,none
seem,English
seeming,none
seemly,Old Norse
seen,Middle English
seep,Old English
seepage,none
seer,Latin
seersucker,Persian
seethe,Old English
seether,none
segment,Latin
segment,none
segmental,none
segmentation,none
segregate,Latin
segregation,Late Latin
segregationist,none
segue,Italian
Segway,none
seigneur,Middle French
seignior,French
seigniorage,French
seine,Old English
seismic,none
seismo-,Greek
seismogram,none
seismograph,Italian
seismologist,none
seismology,none
seismometer,none
seize,French
seizure,none
sejm,Polish
selah,Hebrew
seldom,Old English
select,Latin
select,Latin
selection,Latin
selective,American English
Selene,Latin
selenium,Modern Latin
selenographer,none
Seleucid,none
self,Old English
self-,Old English
self-absorbed,none
self-abuse,none
self-actualization,none
self-aggrandizing,none
self-appointed,none
self-assertive,none
self-assurance,none
self-assured,none
self-aware,none
self-awareness,none
self-centered,none
self-complacency,none
self-complacent,none
self-concept,none
self-confidence,none
self-confident,none
self-congratulation,none
self-conscious,English
self-contained,none
self-control,English
self-criticism,none
self-deception,none
self-defense,none
self-deluded,none
self-denial,none
self-deprecating,none
self-deprecation,none
self-destruct,none
self-determination,none
self-discipline,none
self-educated,none
self-effacing,none
self-esteem,none
self-evident,none
self-examination,none
self-explanatory,none
self-glorification,none
self-government,none
self-help,none
self-image,none
self-immolation,none
self-important,none
self-improvement,none
self-incrimination,none
self-indulgence,none
self-indulgent,none
self-inflict,none
self-interest,none
self-involved,none
self-justification,none
self-love,none
self-made,American English
self-motivation,none
self-perception,none
self-perfection,none
self-pity,none
self-portrait,German
self-possession,none
self-preservation,none
self-protection,none
self-realization,none
self-regard,none
self-regulating,none
self-reliance,none
self-reliant,none
self-respect,none
self-restraint,none
self-righteous,none
self-sacrifice,none
self-satisfaction,none
self-seeking,none
self-service,none
self-serving,none
self-starter,none
self-styled,none
self-sufficiency,Greek
self-sufficient,none
self-sustaining,none
self-willed,Old English
self-worth,none
selfie,none
selfish,German
selfless,none
selfsame,none
Selina,French
Seljuk,Turk
sell,Old English
seller,none
Sellotape,none
sellout,none
seltzer,German
selvage,Flemish
semantic,French
semantics,French
semaphore,French
sematic,Greek
semblable,French
semblance,French
seme,Greek
seme,Middle French
Semele,Latin
semen,Latin
semester,German
semi-,Latin
semi-annual,none
semi-arid,none
semi-automatic,none
semi-demi-,none
semi-detached,none
semi-monthly,none
semi-official,none
semi-permeable,German
semi-professional,none
semi-solid,none
semi-trailer,none
semi-weekly,none
semicircle,Latin
semicircular,Latin
semicolon,Latin
semiconductor,none
semiconscious,none
semifinal,none
seminal,French
seminar,German
seminarian,none
seminary,Latin
semination,Latin
Seminole,Muskogean
semiology,Greek
semiotic,Greek
semiotics,none
semiprecious,none
semiquaver,none
semisweet,none
Semite,Assyrian
Semitic,Hebrew
Semitism,Semitic
semitone,none
semolina,Italian
semper idem,Latin
semper-,Latin
sempiternal,French
senate,French
senator,French
senatorial,French
send,Old English
send-off,none
send-up,none
sended,none
sender,none
Seneca,Dutch
Senegal,none
senescence,none
senescent,Latin
seneschal,French
senicide,Latin
senile,French
senility,none
senior,Latin
senior,none
seniority,Medieval Latin
senna,Modern Latin
sennight,Old English
senor,Spanish
senora,Spanish
senorita,Spanish
senryu,Japanese
Sens,Gaulish
sensate,Late Latin
sensation,French
sensational,none
sensationalism,none
sensationalist,none
sensationalize,none
sense,French
sense,none
senseless,none
senses,none
sensibility,French
sensible,Late Latin
sensibly,none
sensitive,French
sensitivity,none
sensitization,none
sensitize,none
sensor,none
sensorimotor,none
sensorium,Late Latin
sensory,Latin
sensual,Middle French
sensualism,none
sensualist,none
sensuality,French
sensualize,none
sensuous,Latin
Sensurround,none
sentence,French
sentence,none
sententious,Middle French
sentience,none
sentient,Latin
sentiment,French
sentimental,none
sentimentalism,none
sentimentalist,none
sentimentality,none
sentimentalize,none
sentinel,Middle French
sentry,none
Seoul,Japanese
sepal,French
separable,Latin
separate,Latin
separate,Latin
separated,none
separates,none
separation,French
separationist,none
separatism,none
separatist,none
separator,none
separatrix,Late Latin
Sephardim,Spanish
sepia,Italian
sepoy,Portuguese
sepsis,Modern Latin
sept,Latin
sept-,none
septangle,Late Latin
septem-,Latin
September,Old English
Septembrist,French
septemdecimal,Latin
septentrion,Middle English
septet,German
septi-,Latin
septic,Latin
septicemia,Modern Latin
septillion,none
septuagenarian,Latin
Septuagint,Greek
septum,Modern Latin
sepulchral,Latin
sepulchre,French
sepulture,French
sequacious,Latin
sequel,French
sequela,Latin
sequence,French
sequence,none
sequent,French
sequential,Late Latin
sequester,French
sequestration,Late Latin
sequin,Italian
sequitur,Latin
sequoia,Modern Latin
seraglio,Italian
serape,Mexican Spanish
seraph,Old English
seraphic,Church Latin
Serapis,Latin
Serb,Serb.
Serbian,Serb.
Serbo-,Serb.
sere,Old English
Serena,Latin
serenade,French
serenade,none
serendipitous,none
serendipity,Persian
serene,Latin
serenity,Middle French
serf,French
serfdom,none
serge,French
sergeant,French
Sergius,Latin
serial,none
serial,none
serialization,none
serialize,none
seriatim,Medieval Latin
seriation,none
sericulture,French
series,Latin
serif,none
serine,German
seriocomic,none
serious,Middle French
seriously,none
seriousness,none
sermocination,Latin
sermon,Anglo-French
sermonette,English
sermonize,Medieval Latin
serology,none
serotine,French
serotonin,none
serous,French
serpent,French
serpentine,French
serpentine,French
serrate,Latin
serrated,Latin
serration,none
serried,Middle French
serum,Latin
serval,Modern Latin
servant,French
serve,French
serve,none
served,none
server,none
servery,none
Servian,Medieval Latin
service,French
service,none
service,Middle English
serviceable,French
serviceman,none
servient,Latin
serviette,Middle French
servile,Latin
servility,none
serving,none
servitude,French
servo,French
sesame,Middle French
sesqui-,Latin
sesquicentennial,none
sesquipedalian,Latin
sessile,Latin
session,French
sestet,Italian
sestina,Italian
set,Old English
set,none
set,French
set,Old English
Set,Egypt
set off,none
set-aside,none
set-to,none
set-up,none
seta,Latin
setback,none
Seth,Hebrew
setness,Old English
sett,none
settee,none
setter,none
setting,Middle English
settle,Old English
settle,Middle English
settled,none
settlement,American English
settler,none
seven,Old English
Seven Champions,Scot.
Seven Seas,none
Seven Sisters,Dutch
seven-up,none
seven-year itch,American English
sevenfold,Old English
seventeen,Old English
seventeenth,Old English
seventh,Old English
seventies,none
seventieth,none
seventy,Old English
sever,Anglo-French
several,Anglo-French
severally,none
severance,Anglo-French
severe,Middle French
severely,none
severity,Middle French
Seville,Spanish
sew,Old English
sewage,none
sewer,Anglo-French
sewer,none
sewerage,none
sewing,none
sex,Latin
sex,none
sexagenarian,Latin
sexagesimal,Medieval Latin
sexiness,none
sexism,none
sexist,none
sexless,none
sexology,none
sexpert,none
sexploitation,none
sexpot,none
sext,none
sext,Latin
sextant,Modern Latin
sextet,German
sextile,Latin
sextillion,Latin
sexton,French
sextuple,Latin
sextuplet,none
Sextus,Latin
sexual,Late Latin
sexuality,none
sexualization,none
sexualize,none
sexy,none
Seychelles,French
sforzando,Italian
sfumato,Italian
sh,none
sh-,Old English
Shabbat,Hebrew
shabbify,none
shabby,Old English
shack,American English
shackle,Old English
shackle,none
shacklebolt,none
shad,Old English
shade,Middle English
shade,none
shade-tree,none
shades,American English
shadow,Old English
shadow,Middle English
shadow boxing,none
shadow-box,none
shadow-figure,none
shadowland,none
shadowless,none
shadowy,Old English
Shadrach,none
shady,Old English
Shafii,Arabic
shaft,Old English
shaft,Low German
shaft,none
shag,Old English
shag,none
shag,none
shagbark,none
shaggy,Old English
shah,Persian
shake,Old English
shake,American English
shake-down,none
shake-up,none
shaken,none
shakeout,none
shaker,none
Shakespeare,English
shaking,none
shako,Hung
Shakti,Sanskrit
shaky,none
shale,Middle English
shall,Old English
shallop,French
shallot,French
shallow,Old English
shalom,Hebrew
sham,none
shaman,German
shamanism,none
shamble,French
shambles,Old English
shambolic,none
shame,Old English
shame,Old English
shamefaced,Old English
shameful,Old English
shameless,Old English
shammy,none
shampoo,Sanskrit
shampoo,none
shamrock,Irish
shamus,Hebrew
shant,none
shanachie,Old Irish
shandy,none
Shane,none
shanghai,American English
Shanghai,none
Shangri La,Tibetan
shank,Scot.
shank,Old English
Shannon,Irish
shantung,none
shanty,French
shanty,none
shantytown,none
shape,Old English
shape,Old English
shapeless,none
shapely,none
shard,Old English
share,Old English
share,Old English
share,none
sharecropper,none
shareholder,none
shareware,none
sharia,Arabic
sharif,Arabic
shark,German
shark,none
sharn,Old English
Sharon,Hebrew
sharp,Old English
sharp,none
sharpen,Old English
sharpener,none
sharper,none
sharply,Old English
sharpness,Old English
Sharps,none
sharpshooter,German
Shasta,none
shatter,Middle English
shattering,none
shave,Old English
shave,Old English
shaveling,none
shaver,none
Shavian,Latin
shaving,none
shavuot,Hebrew
shaw,Old English
shawl,Urdu
shawm,French
Shawnee,Algonquian
shay,English
shazam,none
she,Old English
she-devil,none
she-male,none
sheaf,Old English
shear,Old English
shear,none
shears,Old English
sheath,Old English
sheathe,none
sheave,none
sheave,none
shebang,French
shebeen,Scot.
shed,Middle English
shed,Old English
sheela-na-gig,Irish
sheen,Old English
sheeney,Russian
sheep,Old English
sheep-dog,none
sheep-shank,none
sheepish,Old English
sheepskin,none
sheer,Old English
sheer,Dutch
sheet,Old English
sheet,Old English
Sheetrock,none
Sheffield,Old English
sheik,Arabic
Sheila,Irish
shekel,French
sheldrake,Middle Dutch
shelf,Middle Low German
shelf,none
shell,Old English
shell,none
shellac,French
shellac,none
shellfish,Old English
shelta,Irish
shelter,Middle English
shelter,none
sheltered,none
Sheltie,Old Norse
shelve,none
shelve,Middle English
Shema,Hebrew
shemozzle,none
Shenandoah,Dutch
shenanigan,Spanish
shenanigans,none
shend,Old English
Sheol,Hebrew
shepherd,Old English
shepherd,none
shepherdess,none
Sheraton,English
sherbet,Turk
sheriff,Old English
Sherlock,Old English
Sherman,Old English
Sherpa,Tibetan
sherry,Spanish
shet,none
Shetland,Scot.
shewbread,German
shewel,Old English
Shia,Arabic
shiatsu,Japanese
shibboleth,Hebrew
shield,Old English
shield,Old English
shift,Old English
shift,North Sea Germanic
shift,none
shifter,none
shiftless,none
shifty,none
shih-tzu,none
Shiism,none
shiitake,Japanese
Shiite,Latin
Shikoku,Japanese
shiksa,Hebrew
shill,none
shillelagh,Irish
shilling,Old English
shilly-shally,none
Shiloh,Hebrew
shim,Kentish
shim,none
shimmer,none
shimmer,Old English
shimmy,none
shin,Old English
shin,none
Shin Bet,Hebrew
shindig,Scot.
shine,Old English
shine,American English
shingle,Late Latin
shingle,Frisian
shingle,none
shingles,Medieval Latin
shinny,none
shinny,Gaelic
Shinola,none
shinplaster,none
Shinto,none
shiny,none
ship,Old English
ship,Old English
shipboard,none
shipmate,none
shipment,none
shipping,none
shipshape,none
shipwreck,Middle English
shipwreck,none
shipwright,Old English
shipyard,none
Shiraz,French
shire,Old English
shirk,German
shirker,none
shirr,none
shirt,Old English
shirt-sleeves,none
shirt-waist,none
shirtless,none
shirty,none
shish kebab,Armenian
shit,Old English
shit,Old English
shite,Old English
shithead,none
shitten,none
shitty,none
shiv,none
shiva,none
shivah,Hebrew
shivaree,none
shive,Old English
shiver,none
shiver,Old English
shiver,Old English
shiver,none
shivery,none
shmoo,none
shoal,Old English
shoal,Old English
shoal,none
shoat,Low German
shock,Middle French
shock,Middle Low German
shock,Old Norse
shock,none
shock,none
shocked,none
shocker,none
shocking,Italian
shod,Middle English
shoddy,English
shoe,Old English
shoe,Old English
shoe-shine,none
shoe-string,none
shoebox,none
shoehorn,none
shoehorn,none
shoelace,none
shoeless,none
shoemaker,none
shofar,Hebrew
shogun,Japanese
shogunate,Japanese
shoo,German
shoo-fly,none
shoo-in,none
shook,none
shoot,none
shoot,Old English
shoot,none
shoot-out,none
shooter,Old English
shooting,Old English
shootist,none
shop,Old English
shop,none
shop-window,none
shop-worn,none
shopaholic,none
shopkeeper,none
shoplift,none
shoplifter,none
shoplifting,none
shoppe,Middle English
shopper,none
shopping,none
shore,Old English
shore,German
shoreline,none
shorn,Old English
short,Old English
short,none
short,Old English
short circuit,none
short-change,none
short-handed,none
short-lived,none
short-order,none
short-sighted,none
short-sleeve,none
short-term,none
short-timer,none
short-wave,none
shortage,American English
shortbread,none
shortcake,none
shortcoming,none
shortcut,none
shorten,Old English
shortening,none
shortfall,none
shorthand,none
shortlist,none
shortly,Old English
shortness,Old English
shorts,none
shortstop,none
shorty,none
Shoshone,Uto-Aztecan
shot,Old English
shot,none
shotgun,American English
shotten,none
should,Old English
shoulda,none
shoulder,Old English
shoulder,none
shout,Old Norse
shout,none
shove,Old English
shove,none
shovel,Old English
shovel,German
shovelful,none
show,Old English
show,American English
show up,none
show-and-tell,American English
show-off,none
show-place,none
showboat,none
showcase,none
showdown,none
shower,Old English
shower,none
shower,Old English
showgirl,none
showman,none
showmanship,none
showroom,none
showy,none
shrank,none
shrapnel,French
shred,Old English
shred,Old English
shredded,none
shredder,none
shrew,Old English
shrewd,none
shrewish,none
Shrewsbury,English
shriek,Old Norse
shrift,Old English
shrike,Old English
shrill,Old English
shrill,none
shrimp,Old Norse
shrimp,none
shrine,Old English
Shriner,none
shrink,Old English
shrink,none
shrinkage,none
shrive,Old English
shrivel,Middle English
shriven,none
shriver,none
Shropshire,none
shroud,Old English
shroud,Old English
shrove,none
shrub,Old English
shrubbery,none
shrug,none
shrug,Danish
shrunken,Old English
shtetl,German
shtick,Middle High German
shtoom,German
shtup,German
shuck,English
shuck,none
shucks,none
shudder,Middle Dutch
shudder,none
shuffle,Middle English
shuffle,none
shuffleboard,none
shuffler,none
shufty,Arabic
shul,German
shun,Old English
shunt,none
shunt,none
shush,none
shut,Old English
shut up,none
shut-eye,none
shut-in,none
shutdown,none
shute,none
shutout,Middle English
shutter,none
shutter,none
shutter-bug,none
shuttle,Old English
shuttle,none
shuttlecock,none
shy,Old English
shy,none
shy,none
Shylock,none
shyster,German
si,Italian
sialo-,Greek
Siam,Thai
Siamese,Thai
sib,none
Siberia,none
sibilant,Latin
sibilant,none
sibilate,Latin
sibling,Old English
sibyl,French
sibylline,Latin
sic,Latin
sic,none
sic transit gloria mundi,Latin
siccative,Late Latin
sice,French
Sicily,Latin
sick,none
sick,Old English
sick,Old English
sick-bay,none
sicken,Old English
sickening,none
sickish,none
sickle,Old English
sickly,none
sickness,Old English
sicko,none
siddha,Sanskrit
side,Old English
side,none
side,none
side effect,none
side-dish,American English
side-door,none
side-saddle,none
side-swipe,none
side-table,none
side-way,none
sidearm,none
sidearms,none
sidebar,none
sideboard,none
sideburns,American English
sidekick,American English
sidelight,none
sideline,none
sidelong,Middle English
sideman,none
sidenote,none
sidereal,French
sideshow,none
sidestep,none
sidetrack,none
sidewalk,English
sideways,none
sidewinder,American English
Sidhe,Irish
siding,American English
sidle,Middle English
Sidon,Phoenician
SIDS,none
Sieg Heil,German
siege,French
Siegfried,German
Sienna,Gaulish
sierra,Spanish
Sierra Leone,Spanish
siesta,Spanish
sieve,Old English
sieve,none
sift,Old English
sifter,none
sig,none
sigh,Middle English
sigh,none
sight,Old English
sight,none
sighting,none
sightless,none
sights,none
sightseeing,none
sigil,Late Latin
Sigismund,German
sigma,Greek
sigmatism,none
sigmoid,none
sigmoidoscopy,none
sign,French
sign,French
sign-in,none
sign-up,none
signage,none
signal,French
signal,none
signal,French
signatory,Latin
signature,Scot.
signboard,none
signee,none
signer,none
signet,French
significance,French
significant,Latin
signification,French
signifier,none
signify,French
signor,Italian
signpost,none
sike,Scot.
Sikh,Sanskrit
Sikhism,none
silage,none
Silas,Late Latin
silence,French
silence,none
silencer,none
silent,Latin
silently,none
Silenus,Greek
Silesia,German
silhouette,French
silica,Modern Latin
silicate,none
silicon,none
silicone,German
silicosis,none
silk,Old English
silken,Old English
silkworm,Old English
silky,none
sill,Old English
sillabub,none
silliness,Old English
silly,Old English
silo,Spanish
Siloam,Late Latin
silphium,Latin
silt,Scand
silt,none
Silurian,Latin
silvan,none
silver,Old English
silver,none
silver bullet,none
silver lining,none
silver screen,none
Silver Star,none
silverfish,German
silvern,Middle English
silversmith,Old English
silverware,none
silvery,none
Simeon,none
simian,Latin
similar,French
similarity,French
simile,Latin
similitude,French
simmer,none
simnel,French
simoleon,American English
Simon,Latin
simon-pure,English
simonize,none
simony,French
simoom,Arabic
simp,none
simpatico,Spanish
simper,Scand
simpering,none
simple,French
simple-minded,none
simpleness,none
simpleton,none
simplex,Latin
simpliciter,Latin
simplicity,French
simplification,Middle French
simplify,French
simplism,none
simplistic,none
simply,none
simulacrum,Latin
simular,Latin
simulate,Latin
simulated,none
simulation,French
simulator,Latin
simulcast,none
simultaneity,none
simultaneous,Medieval Latin
simurgh,Persian
sin,Old English
sin,Old English
Sinai,Akkadian
since,Old English
sincere,Middle French
sincerely,none
sincerity,Middle French
sinciput,Latin
sine,Latin
sine die,Latin
sine prole,Latin
sine qua non,Latin
sinecure,Medieval Latin
sinew,Old English
sinewy,none
sinfonia,Italian
sinful,Old English
sing,Old English
sing,none
sing-along,none
sing-song,none
Singapore,Sanskrit
singe,Old English
singer,Old English
Singh,English
single,French
single,none
single,none
single-handed,none
single-minded,none
singlet,none
singleton,none
singly,none
singspiel,German
singular,French
singularity,French
singularly,none
singultus,Latin
Sinhalese,Sanskrit
Sinic,Medieval Latin
sinical,none
Sinicism,none
sinister,French
sinistral,French
sinistrorse,Latin
sink,Old English
sink,none
sinker,none
sinkhole,none
sinless,Old English
Sinn Fein,Irish
sinner,Old English
Sino-,Late Latin
Sinologist,none
Sinon,Greek
Sinophobe,none
sinsemilla,Mexican Spanish
sinter,German
sinuate,Latin
sinuous,Latin
sinus,Medieval Latin
sinusitis,none
sinusoid,none
Siouan,none
Sioux,French
sip,Low German
sip,none
siphon,Latin
siphon,none
sir,none
sire,none
sire,French
siren,French
Sirius,Latin
sirloin,Middle French
sirocco,Italian
sirrah,none
sis,American English
sis-boom-bah,none
sisal,none
sissify,American English
sissy,none
sist,Latin
sister,Old English
sister-in-law,none
sisterhood,none
sisterly,none
Sistine,Italian
Sisyphean,none
Sisyphus,Greek
sit,Old English
sit-down,none
sit-in,none
sit-up,none
sitar,Persian
sitcom,none
site,Anglo-French
site,none
sith,Middle English
sitophobia,Greek
sitter,none
sitting,none
situ,none
situate,Medieval Latin
situate,Late Latin
situation,Middle French
situational,none
situs,Latin
sitz-bath,German
sitzkrieg,German
Siva,Sanskrit
six,Old English
sixfold,Old English
sixpence,none
sixteen,Old English
sixteenmo,English
sixteenth,Old English
sixth,Middle English
sixties,none
sixtieth,Old English
sixty,Old English
sixty-nine,French
sixtyfold,Old English
sizar,none
size,French
size,none
sizeable,none
sizer,none
sizzle,Middle English
ska,none
skag,American English
skald,Scand
skank,none
skanky,none
skat,German
skate,Scand
skate,Dutch
skate,Latin
skateboard,none
skater,none
sked,none
skedaddle,Greek
Skee-Ball,none
skeet,Old Norse
skeeter,American English
skeezicks,none
skein,Middle French
skeletal,none
skeleton,Modern Latin
skelm,Dutch
skene,Irish
skep,Old Norse
skeptic,Greek
skeptical,none
skepticism,none
skerry,Old Norse
sketch,Dutch
sketch,none
sketchy,none
skew,Old North French
skewbald,French
skewer,Scand
skewer,none
skewness,none
ski,Old Norse
ski,none
Ski-doo,none
skid,Scand
skid,none
skid row,none
skidoo,none
skier,none
skiff,French
skiffle,none
skiing,none
skill,Old Norse
skilled,Old Norse
skillet,Middle French
skillful,none
skim,French
skim-milk,none
skimmer,none
skimp,none
skimpy,none
skin,Old Norse
skin,none
skin-tight,none
skinflint,none
skinhead,none
skink,Middle French
skinless,none
skinner,Old Norse
Skinner box,none
skinny,none
skinny-dipping,none
skint,none
skip,Scand
skip,none
skip,none
skipjack,none
skipper,Middle Dutch
skipper,none
skirl,Scand
skirmish,French
skirmish,French
skirt,Old Norse
skirt,none
skit,Scot.
skite,Scot.
skitter,Scand
skittish,Scand
skittles,Scand
skive,Scand
skive,none
skivvies,none
skoal,Scand
skosh,Japanese
Skraeling,Old Norse
sku,none
skua,Old Norse
skulduddery,none
skulduggery,Scot.
skulk,Scand
skull,Old Norse
skull-cap,none
skunk,Algonquian
skunk,none
sky,Old Norse
sky,none
skyclad,Sanskrit
skyhook,none
skyjack,none
Skylab,none
skylark,none
skylark,none
skylight,none
skyline,none
skyrocket,none
skyscraper,French
slab,French
slack,Middle Dutch
slack,Old English
slack,none
slack,Old English
slack-jawed,none
slacken,none
slacker,Old English
slackly,Old English
slackness,Old English
slag,Middle Low German
slag,none
slain,Old English
slake,Old English
slalom,none
slam,Scand
slam,none
slam,none
slammer,none
slander,Anglo-French
slander,Anglo-French
slanderous,none
slang,Scand
slangy,none
slant,none
slant,Scand
slantways,none
slap,none
slap,Low German
slapdash,none
slapper,none
slapshot,none
slapstick,none
slash,Middle French
slash,American English
slasher,none
slat,French
slate,French
slate,none
slater,none
slather,none
slattern,Low German
slatternly,none
slaughter,Scand
slaughter,none
slaughterhouse,none
Slav,Medieval Latin
slave,French
slave,Slav.
Slave,Algonquian
slaver,Old Norse
slaver,none
slavery,none
Slavic,Slav.
slavish,Slav.
slavocracy,Slav.
slaw,Dutch
slay,Old English
slay,Old English
slayer,Old English
sleave,Old English
sleaze,none
sleazy,German
sled,Middle Dutch
sled,none
sledge,Old English
sledge,Dutch
sledgehammer,Old English
sleek,Middle English
sleek,none
sleep,Old English
sleep,Old English
sleep-over,none
sleeper,Old English
sleeping,none
sleepless,Old English
sleepy,Old English
sleet,Old English
sleet,none
sleeve,Old English
sleeveless,Old English
sleigh,English
sleight,Old Norse
slender,French
slenderize,none
slept,none
sleuth,Old Norse
slew,none
slew,none
slew,Irish
slice,French
slice,Middle French
slicer,none
slick,Old English
slick,none
slick,none
slicker,none
slid,none
slide,Old English
slide,none
slide-rule,none
slider,none
slight,Scand
slight,none
slight,none
slightly,none
slim,Dutch
slim,none
slime,Old English
slime,none
slimming,none
slimnastics,none
slimy,Middle Dutch
sling,German
sling,Old Norse
sling,American English
sling,none
slinger,none
slingshot,none
slink,Old English
slinky,none
slip,Old English
slip,none
slip,Middle Low German
slip,Old English
slip,Middle Dutch
slipknot,none
slippage,none
slipper,Old English
slippery,Middle English
slipshod,none
slipstream,none
slit,Old English
slit,Old English
slither,Middle English
slither,none
sliver,Old English
Sloane Square,none
slob,Irish
slobber,Frisian
slobbery,none
sloe,Old English
slog,none
slog,none
slogan,Gaelic
sloganeer,none
sloop,Dutch
slop,Old English
slop,Middle Dutch
slop,none
slope,none
slope,Middle English
sloppy,none
slosh,Middle English
slosh,none
sloshed,none
slot,French
slot,Middle Dutch
slot,none
slot,none
sloth,Middle English
slothful,Middle English
slouch,none
slouch,Scand
slouchy,none
slough,Old English
slough,Middle English
slough,Old Saxon
Slovak,French
sloven,German
Slovene,Slav.
slovenly,none
slow,Old English
slow,Old English
slowdown,none
slowly,Old English
slowness,none
slowpoke,American English
slubberdegullion,Dutch
sludge,Middle English
sluff,none
slug,none
slug,Irish
slug,none
slug,none
slug-a-bed,Scand
slugfest,none
sluggard,Middle English
slugger,none
sluggish,Middle English
sluice,French
sluice,none
slum,none
slum,none
slumber,none
slumber,Old English
slumlord,none
slummy,none
slump,Scand
slump,none
slung,none
slunk,none
slur,Middle English
slur,none
slurp,Dutch
slurry,Middle English
slush,Scand
slushy,none
slut,German
sluttery,none
sluttish,none
slutty,none
sly,Old Norse
slyly,none
slyness,none
smack,Old English
smack,American English
smack,American English
smack,Dutch
smack,Low German
smack,Old English
smack,none
smacker,American English
smaik,Scot.
small,Old English
small,none
small beer,none
small-time,none
small-town,none
smallish,none
smallmouth,none
smallness,none
smallpox,French
smarm,none
smarmy,none
smart,Old English
smart,Old English
smart,Middle Dutch
smart aleck,none
smart money,none
smart-arse,none
smart-ass,none
smarten,none
smartly,none
smartmouth,none
smartness,none
smarty,none
smash,none
smash,none
smash-up,none
smashed,none
smashing,none
smatch,none
smatter,Middle High German
smatterer,none
smattering,none
smear,English
smear,Old English
smear-case,German
smee,Middle Dutch
smegma,Latin
smell,Old English
smell,Old English
smelly,none
smelt,Dutch
smelt,Old English
smelter,none
SMERSH,Russian
smicker,Old English
smidge,American English
smidgen,Scot.
smilax,Latin
smile,Middle Low German
smile,none
smiley,none
smirch,French
smirch,none
smirk,Old English
smirk,none
Smirnoff,none
smite,Old English
smith,Old English
smith,Old English
SmithWesson,none
smithereens,Irish
Smithfield,Old English
Smithsonian,English
smithy,Old Norse
smitten,none
smock,Old English
smog,none
smoggy,none
smokable,none
smoke,Old English
smoke,Old English
smoke,none
smoke-screen,none
smokeless,none
smoker,none
smokestack,none
smokey,none
Smokey Bear,none
smoky,none
smolder,Middle Dutch
smooch,German
smoochy,none
smooth,Old English
smooth,Old English
smoothie,none
smoothly,none
smoothness,none
smorgasbord,Swedish
smote,none
smother,Old English
smoulder,none
smudge,none
smudgy,none
smug,Low German
smuggle,Low German
smuggler,Low German
smush,none
smut,Middle High German
smutch,none
smutty,none
snack,Middle Dutch
snack,none
snaffle,Dutch
snafu,English
snag,Scand
snag,American English
snaggle-toothed,none
snail,Old English
snake,Old English
snake,none
snake oil,American English
snakehead,none
snakestone,none
snaky,none
snap,Dutch
snap,none
snapdragon,none
snape,Old Norse
snapper,none
snappish,none
snappy,none
snapshot,none
snare,Old English
snare,Dutch
snare,none
snarf,none
snark,none
snarky,Low German
snarl,Dutch
snarl,none
snarl,none
snarl,none
snatch,none
snatch,Old English
snatcher,none
snazzy,none
SNCC,none
SNCF,French
sneak,Middle English
sneak,none
sneaker,American English
sneaky,none
sneer,Frisian
sneer,none
sneeze,Old English
sneeze,none
sneezy,none
snell,Old English
snick,American English
snick,none
snicker,Dutch
snicker,none
snickersnee,Dutch
snide,none
sniff,none
sniff,none
sniffer,none
sniffle,none
snifter,Scot.
snigger,none
sniggler,none
snip,Dutch
snip,none
snipe,none
snipe,Old Norse
sniper,none
snippers,none
snippet,none
snippy,none
snips,none
snit,American English
snitch,none
snitch,none
snite,Scot.
snivel,Old English
snivelling,none
snob,none
snobbery,none
snobbish,none
snobby,none
snobocracy,none
snog,English
snogging,English
snollygoster,American English
snood,Old English
snook,none
snooker,none
snooker,none
snookums,Old English
snoop,American English
snoop,none
snoopy,none
snoot,Scot.
snootful,none
snooty,none
snooze,none
snore,Dutch
snore,none
snorkel,German
snort,American English
snort,none
snot,Old English
snotty,none
snout,Middle Low German
snow,Old English
snow,Old English
snow-blind,none
snow-goose,none
snow-plow,none
snow-shoe,none
snow-tire,none
snow-white,Old English
snowball,West Frisian
snowball,none
snowbank,none
snowbird,none
snowbound,none
Snowdon,English
snowdrift,none
snowdrop,none
snowfall,none
snowflake,none
snowman,none
snowmobile,none
snowstorm,none
snowy,Old English
snub,Old Norse
snub,none
snub,none
snudge,none
snuff,none
snuff,Dutch
snuff,Dutch
snuff-box,none
snuffer,none
snuffle,Dutch
snuffle,Old English
snug,Scand
snuggle,none
so,Old English
so long,German
so-called,none
so-so,none
soak,Old English
soap,Old English
soap,none
soap opera,none
soap-box,none
soap-bubble,none
soap-dish,none
soapstone,none
soapy,none
soar,French
sob,Old English
sob,none
sobeit,none
sober,none
sober,French
soberly,none
sobriety,French
sobriquet,French
soccer,none
Sochi,none
sociability,Middle French
sociable,Middle French
social,Middle French
social,none
socialisation,English
socialism,French
socialist,French
socialistic,none
socialite,none
sociality,French
socialization,none
socialize,none
societal,none
society,French
Socinian,Latin
socio-,Latin
socio-economic,none
socio-political,none
sociobiology,none
sociological,none
sociologist,none
sociology,French
sociopath,none
sock,Old English
sock,American English
sock,none
sock,none
sockdolager,none
socket,Anglo-French
Socratic,Greek
sod,Middle Dutch
sod,none
sod,none
sod,none
soda,Italian
sodality,Middle French
sodbuster,none
sodden,Old English
sodium,English
Sodom,Hebrew
sodomise,English
sodomite,French
sodomize,Greek
sodomy,French
soever,none
sofa,Turk
sofa-bed,none
soffit,Italian
Sofia,Turk
soft,Old English
soft-hearted,none
soft-pedal,none
soft-shelled,none
soft-soap,none
soft-spoken,none
softball,none
soften,none
softener,none
softly,none
softness,Old English
software,none
softy,none
sog,Scand
soggy,none
Soho,none
soi-disant,French
soigne,French
soil,French
soil,Anglo-French
soil,French
soiree,French
sojourn,French
sojourn,Anglo-French
sojourner,none
soke,Old English
Sol,Old English
sol-fa,Italian
solace,French
solace,Middle English
solar,Latin
solarium,Latin
sold,Old English
solder,Latin
solder,French
soldier,French
soldier,none
soldiery,Middle French
sole,French
sole,French
sole,French
sole,none
solecism,Middle French
solely,none
solemn,French
solemnity,French
solemnization,French
solemnize,French
solenoid,French
soleus,Modern Latin
solfege,Italian
solicit,Middle French
solicitate,Latin
solicitation,Middle French
solicitor,Middle French
solicitous,Latin
solicitude,Middle French
solid,French
solid,Latin
solidarity,French
solidary,French
solidification,French
solidify,French
solidity,Middle French
solidly,American English
solidus,English
solifidian,Latin
soliloquize,none
soliloquy,Late Latin
solipsism,Latin
solipsistic,none
solitaire,French
solitary,French
solitude,French
solmization,French
solo,Italian
soloist,none
Solomon,Greek
solon,Greek
solstice,French
solstitial,Latin
solubility,none
soluble,French
solum,Latin
solus,Latin
solute,Latin
solution,French
solvable,none
solvation,none
solve,Latin
solvency,none
solvent,French
solvent,Latin
solvitur ambulando,Latin
soma,Sanskrit
Somalia,English
somatic,French
somatization,none
somato-,Greek
somatosensory,none
somber,French
sombre,English
sombrero,Spanish
some,Old English
somebody,none
someday,none
somedeal,Old English
somehow,none
someone,none
someplace,none
somersault,Middle French
somersault,none
Somerset,Old English
something,Old English
sometime,none
sometimes,none
somewhat,Old English
somewhere,none
somewhile,none
somewhither,none
sommelier,French
somnambulance,none
somnambulant,none
somnambulate,none
somnambulation,none
somnambulism,French
somni-,Latin
somniferous,Latin
somniloquy,Latin
somnolence,French
somnolent,French
Somnus,Greek
son,Old English
son of a bitch,Old Norse
son-in-law,none
sonant,Latin
sonar,none
sonata,Italian
sonatina,none
sone,Latin
song,Old English
song-bird,none
songbook,Old English
songcraft,Old English
songster,Old English
sonic,Latin
sonless,none
sonnet,Middle French
sonnetteer,Italian
sonny,none
sonogram,Latin
Sonora,Spanish
sonority,French
sonorous,Latin
sook,none
soon,Old English
soot,Old English
sooterkin,Dutch
sooth,Old English
soothe,Old English
soothfast,Old English
soothing,none
soothsay,none
soothsayer,Kentish
sooty,none
sop,Old English
sop,Old English
sopaipilla,Mexican Spanish
soph,none
Sophia,Greek
Sophie,French
sophism,French
sophist,Latin
sophistic,Latin
sophisticate,Medieval Latin
sophisticated,none
sophistication,Medieval Latin
sophistry,French
Sophocles,Greek
sophomore,Greek
sophomoric,none
Sophronia,Greek
sophrosyne,Greek
sopor,Latin
soporific,French
sopping,none
soppy,none
soprano,Italian
sora,none
Sorb,German
sorb,French
sorbet,French
sorbic,none
Sorbonne,none
sorcerer,French
sorceress,Anglo-French
sorcerous,none
sorcery,French
sord,French
sordid,Latin
sore,Old English
sore,Old English
sorehead,American English
sorely,Old English
sorghum,Modern Latin
Soroptimist,none
sororal,Latin
sorority,Medieval Latin
sorosis,Modern Latin
sorrel,French
sorrel,French
sorrow,Old English
sorrow,Old English
sorrowful,Old English
sorry,Old English
sort,French
sort,French
sortie,French
SOS,none
sot,Old English
soteriological,German
soteriology,German
Sothic,French
sottish,none
sotto voce,Italian
sou,French
soubrette,French
souffle,French
souffre-douleur,French
sough,Old English
sought,Old English
souk,French
soul,Old English
soul,none
soulful,none
soulless,Old English
soulmate,none
sound,French
sound,Old English
sound,French
sound,Old Norse
sound,French
sound-proof,none
Soundex,none
soundless,none
soundly,none
soundness,none
soundtrack,none
soup,French
soup,none
soupcon,French
soupy,none
sour,Old English
sour,Old High German
sourball,none
source,French
source,none
sourdough,none
sourly,none
sourness,Old English
sourpuss,none
sous chef,French
sousaphone,none
souse,French
souse,French
soused,none
soutane,French
souteneur,French
souter,Old English
south,Old English
South Africa,none
southbound,none
southeast,Old English
southerly,none
southern,Old English
southerner,American English
southernmost,none
southland,Old English
southmost,Old English
southpaw,none
Southron,Scot.
southward,Old English
southwest,Old English
southwestern,Old English
souvenir,French
souvlaki,Modern Greek
sovereign,French
sovereign,French
sovereignty,Anglo-French
soviet,Russian
Soviet Union,none
sow,Old English
sow,Old English
sower,Old English
Soweto,none
sown,none
sox,none
soy,Dutch
soya,none
soybean,none
sozzled,none
spa,none
space,French
space,none
space,none
spacecraft,none
spaceman,none
spacer,none
spaceship,none
spacesuit,none
spacewalk,none
spacing,none
spacious,French
Spackle,German
spacy,American English
Spad,French
spade,Old English
spade,Italian
spado,Latin
spae,Scot.
spaghetti,Italian
Spain,Anglo-French
spake,none
spald,Middle Dutch
spall,Middle English
spam,none
span,Old English
span,Old English
span,American English
spanandry,French
Spandex,American English
spandrel,Anglo-French
spangle,Middle Dutch
spangle,none
Spanglish,Spanish
spangly,none
Spaniard,French
spaniel,Spanish
Spanish,French
spank,none
spanking,Scand
spanking,none
spanner,German
spar,Middle Low German
spar,Middle French
spar,Low German
sparagmos,Greek
spare,Old English
spare,Old English
spare,Middle English
spare-ribs,Middle Low German
sparingly,none
spark,Old English
spark,none
sparkle,none
sparkle,Middle English
sparkler,German
sparkling,none
sparkly,none
sparrow,Old English
sparrowhawk,Old English
sparse,Latin
Sparta,Greek
Spartacist,German
Spartan,Greek
spasm,French
spasm,none
spasmatic,French
spasmodic,French
spastic,Latin
spat,American English
spat,none
spat,none
spate,Scot.
spathic,French
spatial,Latin
spatter,Dutch
spatterdash,none
spatula,Latin
spatulate,Modern Latin
spavin,Middle French
spawn,Anglo-French
spawn,none
spay,Anglo-French
spaz,none
speak,Old English
speak,Scot.
speakable,Old English
speakeasy,Irish
speaker,Old Frisian
spear,Old English
spear,none
spear,none
spear-head,none
spearmint,none
spec,none
special,French
special,French
specialisation,English
specialist,French
speciality,French
specialization,none
specialize,French
specially,none
specialty,French
speciation,none
specie,Latin
species,Latin
speciesism,none
specific,French
specific,none
specification,Medieval Latin
specificity,French
specify,French
specimen,Latin
specious,Latin
speck,Old English
speckle,Old English
specs,none
spectacle,French
spectacles,none
spectacular,Latin
spectate,none
spectator,Latin
specter,French
spectral,none
spectre,English
spectro-,none
spectrogram,none
spectrograph,none
spectrometer,German
spectroscope,Greek
spectrum,Latin
specular,Latin
speculate,none
speculation,French
speculative,French
speculator,Latin
speculum,Latin
sped,Old English
speech,Old English
speechify,none
speechless,Old English
speed,Old English
speed,Old English
speed-trap,none
speeder,none
speeding,none
Speedo,none
speedometer,German
speedway,American English
speedy,Old English
spell,French
spell,Old English
spell,Old English
spell,Old English
spell-check,none
spellbind,none
spellbound,none
speller,none
spelling,none
spelt,Old English
spelunk,French
spelunker,none
Spencer,Middle English
Spencerian,English
spend,Old English
spending,Old English
spendthrift,none
Spenserian,English
spent,none
sperate,Latin
sperm,French
spermaceti,Medieval Latin
spermatic,French
spermato-,Greek
spermatogenesis,German
spermatozoa,none
spermatozoon,Greek
spermicide,French
spessartite,French
spew,Old English
spew,none
sphagnum,Modern Latin
spheno-,Greek
sphenoid,none
sphere,Latin
spherical,none
spheroid,Latin
sphincter,Middle French
sphinx,Greek
sphygmo-,Greek
sphygmomanometer,none
spic,Latin
Spica,Latin
spicate,Latin
spice,French
spice,French
spice-box,none
spice-cake,none
spick-and-span,Old Norse
spicule,French
spicy,none
spider,Old English
spider-plant,none
spider-web,none
spidery,none
spiel,German
spiff,none
spiffy,American English
spigot,French
spike,none
spike,Scand
spike,Latin
spiked,none
spikenard,Medieval Latin
spiky,none
spile,English
spill,Old English
spill,none
spillage,none
spillover,none
spillway,none
spilth,none
spin,Old English
spin,none
spinach,Anglo-French
spinal,Late Latin
spindle,Old English
spindly,none
spindrift,Scot.
spine,French
spine-chiller,none
spineless,none
spinet,Middle French
spinnaker,none
spinner,none
spinneret,none
spinney,French
spinning,none
spinoff,none
spinster,Middle English
spiny,none
spiracle,Latin
spiral,Middle French
spiral,none
spiral,none
spirant,Latin
spire,Old English
spire,none
spirillum,Modern Latin
spirit,Anglo-French
spirit,none
spirited,none
spiritless,none
spiritual,French
spiritual,none
spiritual-minded,none
spiritualism,none
spiritualist,none
spirituality,Middle French
spiritualize,French
spiritualty,French
spirituous,Latin
spiro-,Latin
spirochete,Modern Latin
spirometer,Latin
spissitude,Latin
spit,Old English
spit,French
spit,Old English
spit,Old English
Spitalfields,Middle English
spitball,none
spite,Middle Dutch
spite,none
spiteful,none
spitfire,none
spittle,Old English
spittoon,American English
Spitz,German
spiv,English
splanchnic,Latin
splanchno-,Greek
splash,none
splash,none
splashy,none
splat,none
splatter,none
splay,none
spleen,French
splendid,Latin
splendidly,none
splendiferous,English
splendor,Middle French
splendorous,none
splendour,English
splenetic,Late Latin
spleno-,Greek
splenomegaly,Greek
splice,Middle Dutch
splice,none
spliff,none
spline,Danish
splint,Middle Low German
splinter,Middle Dutch
splinter,Middle English
split,Middle English
split,none
split,American English
split-level,none
split-screen,none
split-second,none
splosh,none
splotch,Old English
splurge,American English
splurge,none
splutter,none
splutter,none
Spock,Dutch
spode,none
spodomancy,Greek
spoil,French
spoil,French
spoil-sport,none
spoiled,none
spoiler,none
spoke,Old English
spoken,none
spokesman,none
spoliation,Latin
spondee,French
spondulicks,American English
spondyle,French
spondylitis,Modern Latin
spondylo-,Greek
spondylolisthesis,Latin
spondylosis,Greek
sponge,Old English
sponge,none
sponger,none
spongiform,Latin
spongy,none
sponsor,Late Latin
sponsor,none
sponsorship,none
spontaneity,French
spontaneous,Late Latin
spoof,none
spoof,none
spook,Dutch
spook,none
spooky,none
spool,Old North French
spool,none
spoon,Old English
spoon,none
spoon-bread,none
spoon-feed,none
spoonbill,Dutch
spoonerism,none
spoonful,none
spoony,none
spoor,Afrikaans
sporadic,Medieval Latin
sporangium,Modern Latin
spore,Modern Latin
spork,none
sporo-,Greek
sporophyte,none
sporran,Gaelic
sport,French
sport,Anglo-French
sporting,none
sportive,none
sports,none
sportscast,none
sportsman,none
sportsmanlike,none
sportsmanship,none
sportswear,none
sporty,none
spot,Old English
spot,none
spotless,none
spotlight,none
spotter,none
spotty,none
spousage,none
spousal,none
spousal,Anglo-French
spouse,French
spout,Middle Dutch
spout,Middle Dutch
sprag,none
sprain,Middle French
sprang,none
sprat,Old English
sprawl,Old English
sprawl,none
spray,Middle Dutch
spray,Old English
spray,none
spray-paint,none
spread,Old English
spread,American English
spread-eagle,none
spreadable,none
spreader,none
spreadsheet,none
spree,Scot.
sprig,Old English
spright,none
sprightly,none
spring,Old English
spring,Old English
spring,Old English
spring,none
spring-house,none
springboard,none
springbok,Afrikaans
springer,none
Springfield,none
springtime,none
springy,none
sprinkle,Middle Dutch
sprinkler,none
sprinkling,none
sprint,Scand
sprint,none
sprinter,none
sprit,Old English
sprite,French
spritz,German
sprocket,none
sprout,Old English
sprout,Old English
spruce,French
spruce,none
spruce,none
sprucify,none
sprue,none
spruik,none
sprung,none
spry,Scand
spud,Danish
spue,none
spumante,Italian
spume,French
spumescent,Latin
spumoni,Italian
spun,none
spunk,Scot.
spunky,none
spur,Old English
spur,Old English
spurge,French
spurious,Latin
spurn,Old English
spurt,Middle High German
spurt,none
sputnik,Russian
sputter,Dutch
sputum,Latin
spy,French
spy,French
spyglass,none
spyware,none
squab,Scand
squabble,Scand
squad,French
squadron,Italian
squalid,Middle French
squall,Scand
squall,Scand
squally,none
squalor,Latin
squamous,Latin
squander,none
square,French
square,French
square,French
square,English
squared,none
squarely,none
squash,French
squash,Algonquian
squash,none
squashy,none
squat,French
squat,none
squat,none
squatter,none
squaw,Algonquian
squawk,Italian
squawk,none
squeak,Swedish
squeak,none
squeaky,none
squeal,Old Norse
squeamish,Anglo-French
squeegee,none
squeezable,none
squeeze,Old English
squeeze,none
squelch,none
squib,none
squid,none
squiggle,none
squiggle,none
squinch,none
squint,none
squint,none
squint,none
squire,none
squire,French
squirm,none
squirrel,Anglo-French
squirrel,none
squirrely,none
squirt,none
squirt,none
squish,none
squishy,none
squiz,none
Sri Lanka,English
SRO,none
SSR,Russian
stab,Scot.
stab,American English
Stabat Mater,Latin
stability,French
stabilization,none
stabilize,French
stabilizer,none
stable,French
stable,French
stable,French
stable-boy,none
staccato,Italian
stack,none
stack,Scand
stacked,none
stadium,Latin
staff,Old English
staff,none
staffer,none
Stafford,Old English
stag,Old English
stage,French
stage,none
stage-fright,none
stage-hand,none
stage-struck,none
stagecoach,none
stagecraft,none
staged,none
stagflation,none
staggard,none
stagger,Scand
staggering,none
staging,none
stagnant,French
stagnate,Latin
stagnation,none
stagy,none
staid,none
stain,Old Norse
stain,none
stainless,none
stair,Old English
staircase,none
stairway,none
stairwell,none
stake,Old English
stake,American English
stake,American English
stake,none
stake-holder,none
stake-out,none
Stakhanovite,none
stalactite,English
stalag,German
stalagmite,Modern Latin
stale,French
stale,none
stalemate,Middle English
Stalin,Russian
Stalingrad,Russian
Stalinism,none
stalk,Old English
stalk,Old English
stalk,Old English
stalker,none
stall,Old English
stall,Anglo-French
stall,none
stall,French
stall,none
stallage,Anglo-Latin
stalling,none
stallion,Anglo-French
stalwart,Scot.
stamen,Modern Latin
stamina,Latin
Stammbaum,German
stammer,Old English
stammer,none
stammtisch,German
stamp,Old English
stamp,German
stampede,Mexican Spanish
stampede,none
stance,Middle French
stanch,French
stanchion,French
stand,Old English
stand,Old English
stand-alone,none
stand-by,none
stand-in,none
stand-off,none
stand-out,none
stand-pipe,none
stand-up,none
standard,French
standard,none
standard,English
standardization,none
standardize,none
standing,none
standing,none
standoffish,none
standpoint,German
standstill,none
Stanford-Binet,French
stanine,none
Stanislavsky,Russian
stank,Old English
stannate,Late Latin
stannic,Modern Latin
stannous,Late Latin
stanza,Italian
stapes,Modern Latin
staph,none
staphylococcus,Modern Latin
staple,Old English
staple,Anglo-French
staple,none
stapler,none
star,Old English
star,none
Star Chamber,none
Star Wars,none
star-fruit,none
star-gazer,none
star-lit,none
star-shine,none
star-spangled,Scot.
starboard,Old English
starch,Old English
starch,none
starchy,none
stardom,none
stardust,none
stare,Old English
stare,Old English
stare,none
stare decisis,Latin
starfish,none
stark,Old English
stark-naked,Middle English
starless,none
starlet,Italian
starlight,none
starling,Old English
starry,none
Stars and Stripes,none
starscape,none
starship,none
start,Old English
start,none
start-up,none
starter,American English
startle,none
starvation,English
starve,Old English
starveling,none
stash,none
stash,none
stasis,Latin
stat,Latin
state,French
state,none
state,Latin
state-house,American English
state-of-the-art,none
statecraft,none
statehood,none
stateless,none
stately,none
statement,none
stater,Greek
stateroom,none
stateside,none
statesman,French
static,Modern Latin
static,none
statics,Modern Latin
station,none
station,French
stationary,Middle French
stationer,Medieval Latin
stationery,none
statism,none
statist,none
statistic,none
statistical,none
statistician,none
statistics,German
stator,Latin
statuary,Latin
statue,French
statuesque,none
statuette,none
stature,French
status,Latin
status quo,Latin
statute,French
statutory,none
staunch,French
staunchly,none
stave,Old English
stave,none
stavesacre,Latin
stay,French
stay,Middle French
stay,Old English
stay,none
stay,Middle French
stay-at-home,none
staycation,American English
staymaker,none
stays,none
stead,Old English
steadfast,Old English
steady,Middle Dutch
steady,none
steady,none
steak,Scand
steal,Old English
steal,American English
stealing,Old English
stealth,Old English
stealthy,none
steam,Old English
steam,Old English
steam-engine,none
steam-roller,none
steam-whistle,none
steamboat,none
steamer,none
steampunk,none
steamship,none
steamy,none
stearin,French
steatopygia,Modern Latin
steed,Old English
steel,Old English
steel,Old English
steely,none
steenbok,Afrikaans
steep,Old English
steep,Old Norse
steepen,none
steeple,Old English
steeplechase,none
steeplejack,none
steepness,none
steer,Old English
steer,Old English
steerable,none
steerage,none
steering,none
stegosaurus,Modern Latin
stein,German
steinbock,German
Steinway,German
stele,Greek
stell,Old English
Stella,Latin
stellar,Late Latin
stellate,Latin
stem,Old English
stem,Scand
stem,none
stem-winder,none
Sten,none
stench,Old English
stencil,Middle English
stencil,none
steno-,Greek
stenographer,none
stenography,none
stenosis,Latin
stent,English
stentorian,Greek
step,Old English
step,Old English
step-,Old English
step-dance,none
step-daughter,Old English
step-ladder,none
step-sister,none
step-son,Old English
stepbrother,none
stepchild,Old English
stepfather,Old English
Stephanie,none
Stephen,Latin
Stepin Fetchit,none
stepmother,Old English
steppe,German
stepper,none
stepping,none
stercoraceous,Latin
stere,French
stereo,none
stereo-,Greek
stereophonic,none
stereoptican,Greek
stereoscope,none
stereoscopic,none
stereotype,French
stereotype,none
stereotypical,none
stereotyping,none
sterile,Middle French
sterility,Middle French
sterilization,none
sterilize,French
sterling,Middle English
stern,Old English
stern,Scand
Stern gang,none
Sterno,none
sternocleidomastoid,Latin
sternum,Greek
sternward,none
steroid,none
sterol,none
stertorous,Modern Latin
stet,Latin
stethoscope,French
Stetson,none
stevedore,Spanish
Steven,none
stew,French
stew,French
steward,Old English
stewardess,none
stewardship,none
stichic,Greek
stichomythia,Latin
stick,Old English
stick,Old English
stick-in-the-mud,none
stick-up,none
stickball,none
sticker,none
stickleback,Old English
stickler,Middle English
sticks,none
sticktoitiveness,none
stickum,none
sticky,Old English
stiff,Old English
stiff,none
stiff,none
stiff-necked,Latin
stiffen,German
stiffness,none
stifle,French
stigma,Latin
stigmatic,Medieval Latin
stigmatism,Greek
stigmatization,none
stigmatize,Medieval Latin
stile,Old English
stiletto,Italian
still,Old English
still,Middle English
still,Old English
still,none
still,none
still life,Dutch
stillbirth,none
stillborn,none
stillness,Old English
stilly,Old English
stilt,German
stilted,none
Stilton,none
stimulant,French
stimulate,Latin
stimulation,Latin
stimuli,Latin
stimulus,Latin
sting,Old English
sting,Old English
sting-ray,none
stinger,none
stinging,none
stingy,none
stink,Old English
stink,none
stink eye,Hawaiian
stink-bug,American English
stinker,none
stinkhorn,none
stinking,Old English
stinkpot,none
stinkweed,none
stinky,none
stint,Old English
stipe,French
stipend,Latin
stipendiary,Latin
stipple,Dutch
stipulate,Latin
stipulation,Latin
stipule,French
stir,Old English
stir,Scand
stir-crazy,none
stirpes,Latin
stirring,none
stirring,Old English
stirrup,Old English
stitch,Old English
stitch,none
stitchery,none
stitching,none
stoa,Greek
stoat,Old Norse
stochastic,Greek
stock,Old English
stock,Middle English
stock,none
stock,none
stock market,none
stock-broker,none
stock-car,American English
stock-holder,none
stockade,Spanish
Stockholm,none
stockinet,none
stocking,Old English
stockpile,none
stocks,none
stocky,none
stockyard,none
stodgy,none
stogie,none
stoic,Latin
stoical,none
stoichiometry,German
stoicism,Modern Latin
stoke,Dutch
stoker,Dutch
stola,Latin
stole,Old English
stoled,none
stolen,none
stolid,Middle French
stolidity,Middle French
stolon,Latin
stoma,Modern Latin
stomach,French
stomach,Latin
stomach-ache,none
stomatitis,Greek
stomp,none
stone,Old English
stone,Old English
stone,none
stoned,none
stonefly,none
Stonehenge,Latin
stonemason,Old English
stonewall,Old English
stonewall,none
stoneware,none
stonework,Old English
stony,Old English
stood,none
stooge,none
stool,Old English
stool pigeon,American English
stool-ball,none
stoop,Old English
stoop,Dutch
stop,Old English
stop,none
stop-and-go,none
stop-over,none
stope,Low German
stopgap,none
stoppable,none
stoppage,none
stopper,none
stopwatch,none
storage,none
store,French
store,French
store-room,none
storefront,none
storehouse,none
storekeeper,none
storied,none
storied,none
stork,Old English
storm,Old English
storm,Old English
storm-trooper,German
stormy,Old English
story,French
story,Anglo-Latin
story-board,none
story-book,none
story-telling,none
stound,Old English
stoup,Scand
stour,Anglo-French
stout,French
stout,none
stove,Middle Low German
stove-pipe,none
stow,Old English
stowaway,none
STP,none
strabismus,Latin
straddle,none
Stradivarius,Latin
strafe,German
straggle,Scand
straggler,none
straight,Old English
straight,none
straight,none
straight-edge,none
straight-faced,none
straighten,Middle English
straightforward,none
strain,French
strain,Old English
strain,none
strainer,none
strait,French
strait,French
strait-jacket,none
strait-laced,none
straiten,none
straitened,none
strand,Old English
strand,none
strand,German
strange,French
stranger,French
strangle,French
strangle-hold,none
strangler,none
strangulation,Latin
strap,Scot.
strap,none
strap-hanger,none
strapless,none
strapline,none
strapping,none
strappy,none
strata,none
stratagem,Middle French
strategic,French
strategist,French
strategize,none
strategy,French
strath,Scot.
stratification,Medieval Latin
stratify,French
stratigraphy,Latin
strato-,Latin
strato-cumulus,none
stratocracy,Greek
stratography,Greek
stratosphere,French
stratovolcano,German
stratum,Modern Latin
stratus,Latin
straw,Old English
straw man,none
strawberry,Old English
stray,French
stray,Anglo-French
stray,none
streak,Old English
streak,Middle English
streak,none
streaking,none
streaky,none
stream,German
stream,Old English
streamer,none
streamline,none
streamline,none
street,Old English
street-car,American English
street-walker,none
street-wise,none
strength,Old English
strengthen,none
strenuous,Latin
strep,none
Strephon,none
strepto-,Latin
streptococcus,Modern Latin
streptomycin,Modern Latin
stress,Middle English
stress,Middle French
stressful,none
stressor,Latin
stretch,Old English
stretch,none
stretcher,none
strew,Old English
strewn,none
stria,Latin
striate,Latin
striation,none
strick,none
stricken,none
strict,Latin
strictly,none
stricture,Late Latin
stride,Old English
stride,Old English
strident,French
strider,none
stridor,Latin
stridulous,Latin
strife,French
strigil,Latin
strike,Old English
strike,none
striker,none
striking,none
string,Old English
string,none
stringency,none
stringent,Latin
stringer,none
stringy,none
strip,Old English
strip,Middle Low German
strip-tease,none
stripe,Middle Dutch
stripe,Dutch
stripe,Flemish
striper,none
stripling,none
stripper,none
strive,French
strobe,none
strobic,Greek
stroboscope,Greek
strode,none
stroganoff,French
stroke,Old English
stroke,Old English
stroll,German
stroll,none
stroller,none
stroma,Modern Latin
strong,Old English
strong,Old English
strong-arm,none
strong-box,none
stronghold,none
strongly,Old English
strontium,Modern Latin
strop,French
strophe,Greek
strophic,none
stroppy,English
strove,none
struck,none
structural,none
structuralism,none
structure,Latin
structure,none
structured,none
strudel,German
struggle,Old Norse
struggle,none
Struldbrug,none
strum,none
strumpet,Latin
strung,none
strut,Middle English
strut,Scand
struthious,Latin
Struwwelpeter,German
strychnine,French
Stuart,none
stub,Old English
stub,none
stubble,French
stubbly,none
stubborn,none
stubby,none
stucco,Italian
stuck,none
stud,Old English
stud,Old English
stud,none
student,French
studied,none
studio,Italian
studious,Latin
studly,American English
study,Latin
study,French
stuff,French
stuff,French
stuffed,none
stuffing,none
stuffy,none
Stuka,German
stultification,none
stultify,Late Latin
stumble,Scand
stumble,none
stumblebum,none
stump,Middle Low German
stump,American English
stumpy,none
stun,French
stung,none
stunk,none
stunner,none
stunning,none
stunt,Middle English
stunt,American English
stupe,none
stupefaction,Medieval Latin
stupefy,Latin
stupendous,Late Latin
stupid,Middle French
stupidity,Latin
stupor,Latin
stuporous,none
sturdy,French
sturgeon,Anglo-French
Sturm und Drang,German
Sturmabteilung,German
stutter,Middle English
sty,Old English
sty,Middle English
sty,Old English
Stygian,Latin
style,French
style,none
stylet,French
stylish,none
stylist,none
stylistic,none
stylite,Ecclesiastical Greek
stylize,German
stylus,Latin
stymie,Scot.
styptic,French
styrene,Latin
Styrofoam,none
Styx,Greek
suasion,French
suasive,Middle French
suave,Latin
suavity,Latin
sub,none
sub judice,Latin
sub rosa,Latin
sub voce,Latin
sub-,Latin
sub-acute,none
sub-aqueous,none
sub-arctic,none
sub-atomic,none
sub-category,none
sub-deb,none
sub-giant,none
sub-machine gun,none
sub-Saharan,none
subaltern,Middle French
subclass,none
subcommittee,none
subconscious,none
subcontinent,none
subcontract,none
subcontractor,none
subculture,none
subcutaneous,none
subdenomination,none
subdivide,Late Latin
subdivision,none
subdominant,none
subduce,Latin
subduct,Latin
subduction,Latin
subdue,French
subdued,none
subfusc,Latin
subgroup,none
subhead,none
subhuman,none
subjacent,Latin
subject,French
subject,Medieval Latin
subject,French
subjectification,none
subjectify,none
subjection,Anglo-French
subjective,Late Latin
subjectivism,German
subjectivity,French
subjoin,Middle French
subjugable,Latin
subjugate,Latin
subjugation,Late Latin
subjugator,Latin
subjunctive,Late Latin
sublease,none
sublet,none
sublimate,Medieval Latin
sublimation,Medieval Latin
sublime,Middle French
subliminal,Latin
sublimity,Latin
sublingual,French
sublunary,Modern Latin
subluxation,Latin
submarine,none
submarine,none
submerge,French
submerse,Latin
submersible,Latin
submersion,Late Latin
submission,French
submissive,Latin
submit,Latin
submittal,none
subnormal,none
suboptimal,none
suborbital,none
suborder,none
subordinate,Medieval Latin
subordinate,Medieval Latin
subordinate,none
subordination,Medieval Latin
suborn,Middle French
subornation,Latin
subpar,none
subplot,none
subpoena,Medieval Latin
subprime,none
subregion,none
subreption,Latin
subrogate,Latin
subrogation,Middle French
subscribe,Latin
subscriber,none
subscript,Latin
subscription,Middle French
subsection,none
subsequence,Late Latin
subsequent,Middle French
subservience,none
subservient,Latin
subset,none
subside,Latin
subsidence,Latin
subsidiarity,German
subsidiary,Latin
subsidise,English
subsidize,none
subsidy,Anglo-French
subsist,Middle French
subsistence,Late Latin
subsistent,Latin
subsoil,none
subsonic,none
subspecies,none
substance,French
substandard,none
substantial,French
substantiate,Modern Latin
substantiation,none
substantive,French
substantive,Late Latin
substation,none
substitute,Latin
substitute,Middle French
substitution,Middle French
substract,Modern Latin
substrate,Modern Latin
substratum,Modern Latin
substructure,none
subsume,Modern Latin
subtend,Latin
subterfuge,Middle French
subterranean,Latin
subtext,Latin
subtile,French
subtility,French
subtitle,none
subtle,French
subtlety,French
subtly,none
subtotal,none
subtract,Latin
subtraction,Late Latin
subtrahend,Latin
subtropical,none
suburb,French
suburban,Latin
suburbanite,Middle English
suburbanization,none
suburbanize,none
suburbia,none
subvention,French
subversion,French
subversive,Latin
subvert,French
subway,none
suc-,Latin
succedaneum,Latin
succeed,French
success,Latin
successful,none
succession,French
successive,Medieval Latin
successor,Anglo-French
succinct,Middle French
succinctly,none
succinite,Latin
succor,Anglo-French
succor,French
succotash,Algonquian
succour,English
succubus,Late Latin
succulence,none
succulent,French
succumb,French
such,Old English
suck,Old English
sucker,American English
sucker,none
suckerpunch,none
suckle,Middle English
suckling,Middle Dutch
sucre,none
sucro-,Latin
sucrose,French
suction,Late Latin
suctorial,Modern Latin
Sudan,Arabic
sudarium,Latin
sudatorium,Latin
sudden,Anglo-French
suddenly,none
Sudeten,German
sudorific,Latin
suds,Middle Dutch
sue,Anglo-French
Sue,none
suede,French
suet,Anglo-French
Suez,Arabic
suf-,none
suffer,Anglo-French
sufferable,Anglo-French
sufferance,French
suffering,none
suffice,French
sufficiency,Late Latin
sufficient,French
sufficiently,none
suffix,Modern Latin
suffix,none
suffocate,Latin
suffocation,Middle French
Suffolk,Old English
suffragan,Anglo-French
suffrage,French
suffragette,French
suffragist,none
suffuse,Latin
suffusion,Latin
suffusive,none
Sufi,Arabic
Sufism,none
sug-,none
sugar,French
sugar,none
sugar daddy,none
sugar-coat,none
sugar-plum,none
sugary,none
suggest,Latin
suggestible,none
suggestion,Anglo-French
suggestive,none
sui generis,Latin
sui juris,none
suicidal,none
suicide,Modern Latin
suit,Anglo-French
suit,none
suitability,none
suitable,none
suitcase,none
suite,French
suitor,Anglo-French
Sukey,none
Sulawesi,none
sulcate,Latin
sulcus,Latin
sulfa,English
sulfate,French
sulfide,French
sulfite,none
sulfur,Anglo-French
sulfuric,French
sulfurous,Latin
sulk,none
sulky,Old English
sulky,none
sullen,Middle English
sully,Middle French
sulphur,Greek
sulphureous,Latin
sulphuric,none
sulphurous,none
sultan,Middle French
sultana,Italian
sultanate,none
sultry,none
sum,Anglo-French
sum,French
sum-,none
sumac,French
Sumatra,Sanskrit
Sumerian,French
summa cum laude,Latin
summarily,none
summarise,English
summarization,none
summarize,American English
summary,Medieval Latin
summary,Latin
summate,Medieval Latin
summation,Modern Latin
summative,Modern Latin
summer,Old English
summer,Anglo-French
summer,none
summerize,none
summerlong,Old English
summertime,Old English
summery,none
summit,Middle French
summon,Anglo-French
summoner,Anglo-French
summons,French
summum bonam,Latin
sumo,Japanese
sump,Middle Dutch
sumpter,French
sumptuary,Latin
sumptuous,French
sun,Old English
sun,none
sun-dance,none
sun-dress,none
sun-dried,none
sun-up,Carib
sun-wake,none
sun-worship,none
sunbeam,Old English
Sunbelt,none
sunburn,none
sunburst,none
sundae,American English
Sunday,Old English
sunder,Old English
sundial,none
sundog,none
sundown,none
sundries,none
sundry,Old English
sunfish,none
sunflower,none
sung,none
sunglasses,none
sunk,none
sunken,none
sunless,none
sunlight,Dutch
sunlit,none
Sunni,Arabic
sunny,Dutch
sunrise,Middle English
sunroof,none
sunscreen,none
sunset,Middle English
sunshade,Old English
sunshine,Old English
sunspot,none
sunstroke,French
suntan,none
sup,French
sup,Old English
sup-,none
super,Latin
super-,Latin
super-ego,German
superable,Latin
superabundance,Late Latin
superannuate,none
superannuated,Modern Latin
superannuation,none
superb,Latin
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious,none
supercede,none
supercharge,none
superciliary,Modern Latin
supercilious,Latin
supercilium,Latin
supercomputer,none
superconductor,Dutch
supercontinent,none
supererogation,Late Latin
supererogatory,Medieval Latin
superficial,Late Latin
superficiality,none
superfluity,French
superfluous,Latin
superfly,none
supergiant,none
superheat,none
superhero,none
superhighway,none
superhuman,Medieval Latin
superimpose,Latin
superintend,Church Latin
superintendence,Latin
superintendent,Greek
superior,French
superior,Latin
superiority,Medieval Latin
superlative,French
superman,German
supermarket,American English
supermodel,none
supernal,French
supernatant,Latin
supernatural,Medieval Latin
supernatural,none
supernaturally,none
supernova,none
supernumerary,Late Latin
superordinate,none
superpose,French
superposition,French
superpower,none
supersaturated,none
supersaturation,none
superscribe,Latin
superscript,Middle French
superscription,Latin
supersede,Scot.
supersedeas,Latin
supersession,Medieval Latin
supersonic,none
superstar,none
superstition,Latin
superstitious,Anglo-French
superstore,none
superstructure,none
supertanker,none
supervene,Latin
supervenient,Latin
supervention,Late Latin
supervise,Medieval Latin
supervision,Medieval Latin
supervisor,Medieval Latin
supervisory,none
superwoman,none
supinate,Latin
supination,Late Latin
supine,Latin
supper,French
suppertime,none
supplant,French
supple,French
supplement,Latin
supplement,Spanish
supplemental,none
supplementary,none
suppliant,Middle French
supplicant,Latin
supplicate,Latin
supplication,French
supply,French
supply,none
support,French
support,none
supporter,none
supportive,none
supposably,American English
suppose,French
supposed,none
supposedly,none
supposition,Medieval Latin
supposititious,Latin
suppository,Medieval Latin
suppress,Latin
suppressant,none
suppression,Latin
supprise,Anglo-French
suppurate,Latin
suppuration,French
suppurative,Latin
supra-,Latin
supra-national,German
supra-nationalism,none
supralapsarian,Latin
supremacist,none
supremacy,Latin
supreme,Middle French
supremist,none
sur-,Anglo-French
sur-,none
sura,Arabic
surcease,Anglo-French
surcharge,French
surcingle,French
surcoat,French
surculation,Latin
surd,Latin
sure,French
surefire,American English
surely,none
surety,French
surf,none
surf,none
surface,none
surface,French
surfeit,none
surfeit,French
surfer,none
surfing,Hawaiian
surge,Middle French
surge,Middle French
surgent,Latin
surgeon,Anglo-French
surgery,French
surgical,none
surly,Middle English
surmise,French
surmise,French
surmount,French
surmountable,Anglo-French
surname,Latin
surpass,Middle French
surplice,French
surplus,French
surplusage,Medieval Latin
surprise,French
surprise,Anglo-French
surprised,none
surprising,none
surreal,none
surrealism,French
surrealist,French
surrealistic,none
surreality,none
surrender,French
surrender,Anglo-French
surreptitious,Latin
Surrey,Old English
surrogacy,none
surrogate,Latin
surrogation,Medieval Latin
surround,Anglo-French
surroundings,none
surtax,French
surveil,none
surveillance,French
survey,Anglo-French
survey,none
surveyor,Anglo-French
survivability,none
survivable,none
survival,none
survivalist,none
survive,Anglo-French
surviver,none
survivor,none
sus-,none
Susan,French
Susanna,Latin
susceptibility,Medieval Latin
susceptible,Late Latin
susceptive,Medieval Latin
suscitate,Latin
sushi,Japanese
suspect,French
suspect,none
suspect,Middle French
suspend,French
suspended,none
suspenders,American English
suspense,Anglo-French
suspenseful,none
suspension,Latin
suspicion,Anglo-French
suspicious,French
suspiration,Latin
suspire,French
Susquehanna,Algonquian
suss,none
Sussex,Old English
sustain,French
sustainability,none
sustainable,none
sustenance,French
sustentation,Anglo-French
susurrant,Latin
susurration,Latin
susurrus,Latin
sutile,Latin
sutler,Middle Dutch
sutra,Sanskrit
suttee,Sanskrit
suttle,none
suture,Latin
suture,none
SUV,none
suzerain,French
suzerainty,French
Suzie,none
svelte,French
Svengali,none
swab,Dutch
swab,none
Swabia,German
Swabian,none
swaddle,Middle English
swag,Scand
swag,English
swage,French
swager,none
swagger,none
swaggerer,none
Swahili,Arabic
swain,Old Norse
SWAK,Middle English
swale,Scot.
swallow,Old English
swallow,Old English
swallow,Old English
swallowtail,none
swam,none
swami,Sanskrit
swamp,none
swamp,Old English
swamp-land,none
swamper,American English
swampy,none
swan,Old English
Swanee,Spanish
swang,none
swank,German
swanky,none
Swansea,Scand
swap,American English
sward,Old English
sware,none
swarf,Old English
swarm,Old English
swarm,none
swarm,Dutch
swart,Old English
swarthy,none
swash,none
swash,none
swashbuckle,none
swashbuckler,none
swashbuckling,none
swastika,Greek
swat,American English
swatch,none
swath,Old English
swathe,Old English
swatter,none
sway,Scand
sway,Dutch
sway-backed,Scand
swear,Old English
swear-word,American English
swearing,none
sweat,Old English
sweat,Old English
sweat-bee,American English
sweater,none
sweatpants,none
sweatshirt,none
sweatshop,none
sweaty,none
Swede,Low German
Sweden,Scot.
Swedenborgian,Swedish
Swedish,Dutch
sweep,Middle English
sweep,none
sweeper,none
sweepstakes,Middle English
sweet,Old English
sweet,Old English
Sweet Adeline,none
sweet tooth,none
sweet-briar,none
sweet-grass,none
sweet-pea,none
sweet-talk,Latin
sweetbread,Old English
sweeten,Middle English
sweetener,none
sweetheart,none
sweetie,none
sweetly,Old English
sweetmeat,Old English
sweetness,Old English
swell,Old English
swell,none
swell,American English
swelling,Old English
swelter,Old English
swelter,none
sweltering,none
sweltry,none
swept,none
swerve,Old English
swerve,none
swift,Old English
swift,none
swig,none
swig,none
swill,none
swill,Old English
swim,Old English
swim,none
swimmer,none
swimmeret,none
swimming,American English
swimmingly,none
swimsuit,none
swindle,none
swindler,German
swine,Old English
swineherd,none
swing,Old English
swing,Old English
swing-shift,none
swinger,Old English
swinging,none
swingle,Middle Dutch
swingletree,Middle English
swinish,German
swipe,American English
swipe,German
swirl,none
swirl,Scot.
swirly,none
swish,none
swish,none
Swiss,Middle French
switch,Flemish
switch,none
switchable,none
switchback,none
switchblade,none
switchboard,none
Switzerland,none
swivel,Old English
swivel,none
swivet,none
swizzle,none
swollen,Old English
swoon,Old English
swoon,Old English
swoop,Old English
swoop,none
swoosh,none
sword,Old English
sword-belt,Old English
swordfish,none
swordplay,Old English
swordsman,Old English
sworn,none
swum,none
swung,none
sy-,none
sybarite,Greek
sybaritic,Latin
sycamore,French
sycophancy,Latin
sycophant,Latin
sycophantic,Greek
Sydney,Old English
syl-,Greek
syllabic,Modern Latin
syllable,Anglo-French
syllabus,Late Latin
syllepsis,Late Latin
syllogism,French
syllogistic,Latin
sylph,Modern Latin
sylphid,French
sylvan,Middle French
Sylvanus,Latin
Sylvester,Latin
Sylvia,Latin
sym-,Greek
Symbionese,none
symbiosis,Greek
symbiotic,none
symbol,Late Latin
symbolic,Greek
symbolise,English
symbolism,French
symbolist,French
symbolization,French
symbolize,French
symbology,Greek
symbololatry,none
symmetric,none
symmetrical,none
symmetrize,French
symmetrophobia,Egypt
symmetry,Middle French
sympathetic,Modern Latin
sympathise,English
sympathize,Middle French
sympathizer,none
sympathy,Middle French
sympatric,Greek
symphonic,none
symphony,French
symphysis,Latin
symposium,Latin
symptom,Latin
symptomatic,French
symptomatology,Latin
symptomology,none
syn-,Greek
synaesthesia,French
synagogue,French
synallagmatic,Greek
synapse,Latin
synapsis,Modern Latin
synaptic,Greek
sync,none
synchronic,Late Latin
synchronicity,none
synchronism,Modern Latin
synchronization,none
synchronize,Greek
synchronous,Late Latin
synchrony,Greek
synclinal,Latin
syncline,none
syncopate,Late Latin
syncopation,Medieval Latin
syncope,Latin
syncretism,French
syncretize,Latin
syncytial,Modern Latin
syndetic,Greek
syndic,French
syndicalism,French
syndicate,French
syndicate,Medieval Latin
syndication,none
syndrome,Latin
syne,Scot.
synecdoche,Medieval Latin
synechia,Latin
synergetic,Greek
synergism,Modern Latin
synergist,none
synergistic,none
synergize,none
synergy,Modern Latin
synod,Late Latin
synodal,Late Latin
synodic,Late Latin
synonym,French
synonymity,none
synonymous,Medieval Latin
synonymy,French
synopsis,Late Latin
synoptic,Modern Latin
synovial,Modern Latin
syntactic,Modern Latin
syntactical,Latin
syntagmatic,French
syntax,French
synthesis,Latin
synthesise,English
synthesize,none
synthesizer,none
synthetic,French
syphilis,Modern Latin
syphilitic,Modern Latin
Syracuse,Phoenician
Syria,Latin
Syriac,Latin
syringe,Late Latin
syrinx,English
syrup,French
syrupy,none
systaltic,Late Latin
system,Late Latin
systematic,French
systematise,English
systematization,none
systematize,French
systemic,none
systole,Greek
systolic,Modern Latin
syzygy,Late Latin
Szechwan,none
tis,none
twas,none
twere,none
twixt,none
-teen,Old English
-teenth,Old English
-th,Old English
-th,Old English
-tion,Latin
-tomy,Greek
-trix,Latin
-tron,Greek
-trope,Greek
-trophy,Greek
-tude,French
-tuple,none
-ty,Old English
-ty,Middle English
T,none
T and A,none
T-bone,none
T-shirt,none
ta,none
taen,none
ta-ta,none
tab,Middle English
tab,American English
tab,none
tab,none
tabacco,none
tabagie,French
tabard,French
Tabasco,none
tabbouli,Arabic
tabby,French
tabernacle,French
tabes,Latin
Tabitha,Late Latin
tabla,Arabic
tablature,French
table,French
table,none
table-dhote,French
table-land,none
tableau,French
tablecloth,none
tablespoon,none
tablet,French
tableware,none
tabloid,Greek
taboo,English
tabor,French
tabula rasa,Latin
tabular,French
tabulate,Latin
tabulation,Latin
tabulator,none
tace,Latin
tacet,Latin
tacho-,Latin
tachometer,none
tachy-,Latin
tachycardia,Modern Latin
tachygraphy,Latin
tachymeter,none
tachyon,none
tachypnea,none
tacit,French
taciturn,French
taciturnity,Middle French
tack,Old North French
tack,none
tack,none
tack,none
tack,none
tack-hammer,none
tackle,Middle Dutch
tackle,none
tacky,none
tacky,none
taco,Mexican Spanish
Tacoma,none
Taconic,Algonquian
tact,Latin
tactful,none
tactic,Modern Latin
tactical,Modern Latin
tactician,none
tactics,Modern Latin
tactile,French
tactless,none
tactual,Latin
tad,none
tadpole,none
tae,Scot.
tae kwon do,none
taedium vitae,Latin
taffeta,French
taffrail,Dutch
taffy,Malay
Taffy,none
Taft,Old English
tag,Scand
tag,Scot.
tag,none
tag,none
Tagalog,none
tagliatelle,Italian
tagline,none
tahini,Arabic
Tahiti,Portuguese
Tahoe,none
Tai,Thai
tai chi,none
taiga,Russian
tail,Old English
tail,Anglo-French
tail,none
tail-bone,none
tail-end,none
tail-gate,none
tail-hook,none
tail-pipe,none
tailor,Anglo-French
tailor,none
tailspin,none
tain,French
Taino,none
taint,Middle English
taint,French
Taiwan,none
Taj Mahal,Persian
take,Old English
take,none
takeaway,none
taken,none
takeoff,none
takeout,none
takeover,none
taker,none
talaria,Latin
talbearer,none
talc,Middle French
talcum,Medieval Latin
tale,Old English
talent,French
talented,none
talesman,Anglo-French
Taliban,Pashto
talipes,Latin
talisman,French
talk,Middle English
talk,none
talkative,English
talkie,none
talking-to,none
talky,none
tall,Middle English
Talladega,none
Tallahassee,none
tallboy,French
Tallinn,Estonian
tallow,Old English
tally,Anglo-French
tally,Medieval Latin
tally-ho,English
Talmud,Hebrew
talon,French
talus,Latin
talus,French
tam-o-shanter,Scot.
tamale,American Spanish
tamarack,Algonquian
tamarind,Arabic
tamarisk,Late Latin
tambourine,French
tame,Middle English
tame,Old English
Tamil,Dravidian
Tammany,American English
Tammuz,Assyrian
tamp,none
Tampa,none
tamper,none
tamper,none
tamperproof,none
tampion,Middle French
tampon,French
tan,Old English
tan,none
tanager,Modern Latin
tandem,Latin
tandoor,Turk
tandoori,Urdu
tang,Scand
tangelo,none
tangent,Latin
tangent,none
tangental,none
tangential,none
tangerine,Spanish
tangible,Middle French
Tangier,Latin
tangle,none
tangle,Scand
tango,Spanish
tangram,Cantonese
tangy,none
tanist,Gaelic
tank,Portuguese
tank,none
tank top,none
tanka,Japanese
tankard,Middle Dutch
tanker,none
tanner,none
tanner,Old English
tannery,French
tannin,French
tanning,none
tansy,French
tantalise,English
tantalize,Latin
tantalizing,none
tantalum,Modern Latin
Tantalus,Greek
tantamount,Anglo-French
tantra,Sanskrit
tantric,none
tantrum,none
Tanzania,none
tanzanite,none
tao,none
Taoism,none
tap,French
tap,none
tap,Old English
tap,Old English
tap,none
tape,Old English
tape,none
tapenade,French
taper,Old English
taper,none
tapestry,French
tapetum,Medieval Latin
tapeworm,none
taphouse,none
tapioca,Portuguese
tapir,French
tappet,none
taproom,none
taproot,none
taps,none
tapster,Old English
tar,Old English
tar,none
tar,Old English
tarantella,none
tarantula,Medieval Latin
tarbrush,none
tardation,Late Latin
tardigrade,French
tardy,French
tare,Middle Dutch
tare,Middle French
targe,Old English
target,Old English
target,none
tariff,Italian
tarmac,Latin
tarn,Anglo-Latin
tarnation,American English
tarnish,Middle French
tarnish,none
taro,Hawaiian
taroc,Old Italian
tarot,French
tarp,American English
tarpaulin,none
Tarpeian rock,Latin
tarpon,none
tarragon,Medieval Latin
tarry,Latin
tarry,none
tarsal,Latin
tarsus,Modern Latin
tart,Old English
tart,French
tart,none
tartan,Middle French
tartar,French
Tartar,Medieval Latin
tartaric,none
Tartarus,Greek
Tartuffe,French
Tarzan,none
Taser,none
task,Old North French
task,none
task-force,none
taskmaster,none
Tasmania,Dutch
Tass,Russian
tassel,French
taste,French
taste,French
tasteful,none
tasteless,none
tasty,none
tat,none
tatami,Japanese
Tatar,none
tater,none
tatter,Scand
tatterdemalion,none
tattered,Scand
tattersall,English
tatting,French
tattle,Flemish
tattletale,none
tattoo,none
tattoo,Dutch
tattoo,none
tatty,Scot.
tau,Greek
taught,Old English
taunt,Middle French
taunt,none
taupe,French
taurine,Latin
taurine,Latin
tauromachy,Greek
Taurus,Old English
taut,Old English
tauten,none
tautog,none
tautology,Late Latin
tavern,French
taw,Old English
taw,none
tawdry,none
tawny,Anglo-French
tax,French
tax,Anglo-French
taxable,Anglo-French
taxation,Anglo-French
taxeme,Greek
taxi,French
taxi,none
taxicab,none
taxidermy,Greek
taxine,Latin
taxis,Latin
taxman,none
taxon,German
taxonomy,French
taxpayer,none
tay,French
Tay-Sachs,German
Taylor,none
tchotchke,American English
Te Deum,Late Latin
tea,English
tea party,none
tea-berry,none
tea-cup,none
tea-kettle,none
tea-leaf,none
tea-pot,none
tea-rose,none
tea-table,none
teabag,none
teach,Old English
teachable,none
teacher,none
teaching,Old English
Teague,Irish
teak,Portuguese
teal,Old English
team,Old English
team,Old English
teammate,none
teamster,none
teamwork,none
tear,Old English
tear,Old English
tear,Old English
tear,American English
tear-drop,none
tear-jerker,none
tearful,none
teary,Old English
tease,Old English
tease,none
teasel,Old English
teaser,none
teaspoon,none
teat,French
tec,none
tech,American English
techie,none
technetium,Modern Latin
technic,Latin
technical,English
technicality,none
technician,none
technicolor,none
technics,none
technique,French
techno-,Latin
technocracy,none
technocrat,none
technological,none
technologist,none
technology,Greek
technophile,none
technophobe,none
tectonic,Late Latin
tectonics,none
Tecumseh,Algonquian
ted,Old English
Teddy,none
teddy bear,German
tedesco,Italian
tedious,French
tedium,Latin
tee,Scot.
tee-hee,none
teem,Old English
teem,Scand
teeming,none
teen,none
teenage,none
teenager,American English
teens,none
teeny,none
teeny-bopper,none
teeter,Middle English
teeth,none
teethe,Old English
teething,none
teetotal,Irish
teetotaler,none
tefillin,Hebrew
Teflon,none
teg,Scand
tegular,Latin
tegument,Latin
Tehran,Iran
Tejano,American Spanish
tektite,German
Telamon,Greek
telangiectasia,Modern Latin
tele-,Greek
telecast,none
telecom,none
telecommunication,French
telecommute,none
telecommuting,none
teleconference,none
telegenic,none
telegony,Greek
telegram,Modern Greek
telegraph,French
telegraph,none
telegraphese,none
telegraphic,none
telekinesis,Modern Latin
Telemachus,Latin
telemarketing,none
telemeter,French
teleology,Modern Latin
telepathic,none
telepathy,English
telephone,none
telephone,French
telephonic,none
telephony,none
telephoto,none
teleport,none
teleportation,none
teleprompter,none
telescope,Italian
telescope,none
telescopic,none
Teletex,none
telethon,none
teletype,none
televangelist,none
televise,none
television,English
Telex,none
telic,Greek
tell,Old English
tell,Arabic
teller,German
telling,none
telltale,none
tellurian,Latin
telluric,Latin
telluride,none
tellurium,Modern Latin
telly,English
telophase,Greek
telos,Greek
telson,Greek
Telugu,Dravidian
temblor,American Spanish
temerarious,Latin
temerity,Latin
temp,American English
temp,none
temper,Old English
temper,none
tempera,Italian
temperament,Latin
temperamental,none
temperance,Anglo-French
temperate,Latin
temperature,Latin
tempered,none
tempest,French
tempestuous,Late Latin
Templar,Anglo-French
template,French
temple,Old English
temple,French
tempo,Italian
temporal,French
temporality,Late Latin
temporary,Latin
temporize,Middle French
tempt,French
temptation,French
tempter,Middle French
tempting,none
temptress,none
tempura,Japanese
ten,Old English
tenable,Middle French
tenacious,Latin
tenacity,Middle French
tenant,Anglo-French
tend,French
tend,Middle English
tendency,Medieval Latin
tendential,Latin
tendentious,German
tender,French
tender,Middle French
tender,Middle English
tenderfoot,American English
tenderize,American English
tenderizer,none
tenderloin,none
tendinitis,Medieval Latin
tendon,Medieval Latin
tendonitis,none
tendril,Middle French
tenebrism,Italian
tenebrous,French
tenement,Anglo-French
tenesmus,Latin
tenet,Latin
tenfold,Old English
Tennessee,Cherokee
tennis,Anglo-French
Tenochtitlan,Nahuatl
tenon,Middle French
tenor,French
tenpins,none
tense,Latin
tense,French
tense,none
tensile,Modern Latin
tension,Middle French
tensor,Modern Latin
tent,French
tent,none
tentacle,Modern Latin
tentative,Medieval Latin
tenter,French
tenterhooks,none
tenth,Old English
tenuious,Latin
tenuous,Latin
tenure,Anglo-French
teocalli,American Spanish
teonanacatl,Nahuatl
tepee,Siouan
tephromancy,Modern Latin
tepid,Latin
tequila,American Spanish
ter-,Latin
tera-,Greek
terabyte,none
terato-,Greek
teratogen,none
teratogenic,German
teratogeny,none
teratology,Greek
teratoscopy,none
terbium,Latin
tercel,French
tercentenary,none
terceroon,Spanish
tercet,Italian
terebinth,French
tergiversate,Latin
tergiversation,Latin
teriyaki,Japanese
term,French
term,none
termagant,French
terminable,Latin
terminal,Latin
terminal,none
terminate,Latin
termination,French
terminator,Late Latin
terminer,French
terminology,German
terminus,Latin
termite,Modern Latin
terms,none
tern,Scand
ternary,Late Latin
Terpsichore,Greek
terpsichorean,Latin
terr,none
terra,Latin
terra firma,Italian
terra incognita,Latin
terra-cotta,Italian
terrace,Middle French
terrain,French
terran,Latin
terrapin,Algonquian
terraqueous,Latin
terrarium,Modern Latin
terrazzo,Italian
terrene,Anglo-French
terrestrial,Latin
terrible,French
terribly,none
terrier,French
terrific,Latin
terrify,Latin
terrine,none
territorial,Late Latin
territoriality,none
territory,Latin
terror,French
terrorise,English
terrorism,French
terrorist,French
terroristic,none
terrorize,none
terry,French
terse,French
tertiary,Latin
tertium quid,Latin
terza rima,Italian
tesla,Croatian
tessellated,Late Latin
tessellation,Late Latin
tessera,Latin
tesseract,Greek
test,French
test,none
test-tube,none
testament,Latin
testamentary,Latin
testate,Latin
testator,Anglo-French
tester,none
tester,Medieval Latin
testes,none
testicle,Latin
testicular,Latin
testify,Anglo-French
testimonial,Late Latin
testimonial,French
testimony,Old North French
testis,Latin
testosterone,German
testy,Middle English
Tet,none
tetanus,Latin
tetany,French
tetched,none
tetchy,Middle English
tete,French
tete-a-tete,French
tether,Old English
tether,none
tetherball,none
Tethys,German
Teton,none
tetra-,Greek
tetracycline,none
tetrad,Greek
tetragrammaton,Greek
tetrahedron,Greek
tetralogy,Greek
tetrameter,Late Latin
tetrapod,Modern Latin
tetrarch,Old English
tetter,Old English
Teuton,German
Teutonic,German
Tex,none
Tex-Mex,none
Texas,Spanish
text,French
text,none
textbook,none
textile,Latin
textual,French
texture,Middle French
texture,none
TGIF,none
th,Old English
Thaddeus,Latin
Thai,none
Thailand,Thai
thalamus,Modern Latin
thalassemia,none
thalasso-,Greek
thaler,German
Thalia,Latin
Thalidomide,none
thallium,Modern Latin
thallus,Latin
thalweg,German
Thames,Old English
Thammuz,Hebrew
than,Old English
thanage,Anglo-French
thanatism,none
thanato-,Greek
thanatology,none
thanatos,Greek
thane,Old English
thang,none
thank,Old English
thank you,none
thankful,Old English
thankless,none
thanks,Old English
thanksgiving,none
thar,Middle English
that,Old English
thatch,Old English
thatch,Old English
thatcher,Old English
thaught,Old English
thaumaturge,Medieval Latin
thaumaturgy,Greek
thaw,none
thaw,Old English
THC,none
the,Old English
Thea,Greek
theater,French
theatre,English
theatrical,none
theatrics,American English
Thebaid,Egypt
theco-,Latin
thee,Old English
theft,Old English
thegn,Old English
their,Old Norse
theirs,none
theirself,none
theism,none
theist,Greek
theistic,none
them,Old Norse
thematic,Greek
theme,French
Themis,Greek
Themistocles,Greek
themselves,Middle English
then,Old English
thence,Old English
thenceforth,none
thenceforward,none
theo-,Greek
Theobald,Medieval Latin
theocentric,none
theocracy,Latin
theocrat,Greek
theodicy,French
theodolite,none
Theodore,Latin
Theodoric,Late Latin
Theodosia,Greek
theogony,Greek
theologian,French
theological,Medieval Latin
theologist,Medieval Latin
theology,French
theophany,Late Latin
Theophilus,Latin
theorem,Middle French
theoretical,Late Latin
theorist,none
theorize,English
theory,Late Latin
theosophy,Medieval Latin
ther-,Greek
therapeutic,Modern Latin
therapist,none
therapy,Modern Latin
there,Old English
thereabouts,Old English
thereafter,Old English
thereby,Old English
therefor,Middle English
therefore,Old English
therefrom,none
therein,Old English
theremin,Russian
thereof,Old English
thereon,Old English
Theresa,French
thereto,Old English
thereunder,Old English
thereupon,none
therewith,Old English
thermal,French
thermo-,Greek
thermochemistry,none
thermocline,Greek
thermocouple,none
thermodynamic,none
thermodynamics,none
thermograph,none
thermography,none
thermometer,French
thermonuclear,none
thermoplastic,none
Thermopylae,Greek
Thermos,Greek
thermosphere,none
thermostat,none
Theropoda,Modern Latin
thesaurus,Latin
these,Old English
Theseus,none
thesis,Latin
thespian,Greek
thespian,none
Thessaly,Greek
theta,Greek
Thetis,Greek
theurgy,Latin
thew,Old English
thews,Old English
they,Scand
thiamin,Greek
thick,Old English
thicken,Middle English
thickening,none
thicket,Old English
thickness,Old English
thickset,none
thief,Old English
thieve,Old English
thievery,Old English
thievish,none
thigh,Old English
thigmotropism,Greek
thilk,none
thimble,Old English
thin,Old English
thin,Old English
thine,Old English
thing,Old English
thingamajig,none
think,Old English
think tank,none
thinkable,none
thinker,none
thinner,none
third,Old English
third degree,French
Third World,French
thirst,Old English
thirst,Old English
thirsty,Old English
thirteen,Middle English
thirteenth,Old English
thirties,none
thirtieth,Middle English
thirty,Old English
this,Old English
thistle,Old English
thither,Old English
thixotropy,German
tho,none
thole,Scot.
thole,Old English
Thomas,Greek
Thompson,none
thong,Old English
Thor,Old Norse
thoracic,Medieval Latin
thoracotomy,none
thoral,Latin
thorax,Latin
Thorazine,French
thorium,Modern Latin
thorn,Old English
thorny,Old English
thoro,none
thorough,Old English
thoroughbred,none
thoroughfare,none
thoroughgoing,none
thorp,Old English
those,Old English
Thoth,Egypt
thou,Old English
though,Old English
thought,Old English
thoughtful,Middle English
thoughtless,none
thousand,Old English
thousandth,none
Thrace,Greek
thraldom,none
thrall,Old English
thrash,none
thread,Old English
thread,none
threadbare,none
threat,Old English
threaten,Old English
three,Old English
Three Rs,none
threefold,Old English
threesome,none
threnody,Greek
thresh,Old English
thresher,none
threshold,Old English
threw,none
thrice,Old English
thrift,Middle English
thrifty,none
thrill,Old English
thrill,none
thriller,none
thrive,Scand
thro,none
throat,Old English
throaty,none
throb,none
throe,Old English
thrombo-,Greek
thrombophlebitis,none
thrombosis,Modern Latin
thrombus,Modern Latin
throne,French
throng,Old English
throng,none
throstle,Old English
throttle,Middle English
throttle,none
through,Old English
throughly,none
throughout,Old English
throughput,Scot.
throughway,American English
throve,none
throw,Old English
throw,none
throwaway,none
throwback,none
thrown,none
thru,Scot.
thrum,none
thruout,none
thrush,Old English
thrush,Scand
thrust,Scand
thrust,none
thruster,none
thud,Old English
thug,Sanskrit
thuggery,none
thuggish,none
Thule,Old English
thulium,Modern Latin
thumb,Old English
thumb,none
thumbnail,none
thumbtack,none
thump,East Frisian
thump,none
thumping,none
thunder,Old English
thunder,Old English
thunderbird,Ojibwa
thunderbolt,none
thunderclap,none
thunderhead,none
thunderous,none
thunderstorm,none
thunderstruck,none
thunk,none
thunk,none
Thuringia,German
Thursday,Old English
thus,Old English
thusly,none
thwack,none
thwaite,Old Norse
thwart,Scand
thwart,none
thy,none
thyme,French
thymine,German
thymus,Modern Latin
thyroid,Greek
thyroxine,none
thyrsus,Latin
thyself,Middle English
ti,none
Tia Maria,Spanish
tiara,Persian
Tib,English
Tiber,none
Tibert,Flemish
Tibet,Arabic
tibia,Latin
tic,French
tic douloureux,French
tick,Old English
tick,Dutch
tick,Old English
tick,none
tick-tack-toe,Middle French
ticker,none
ticket,Middle French
ticket,none
ticking,Middle Dutch
tickle,Old English
tickled,none
ticklish,none
ticky-tacky,none
Ticonderoga,Iroquoian
tidal,Latin
tidbit,none
tiddlywinks,none
tide,Old English
tide,Old English
tidewater,none
tidings,Old English
tidy,none
tidy,Old High German
tie,Old English
tie,Old English
tie-dye,none
tie-in,none
tier,Middle French
tierce,Anglo-French
tiff,none
tiffany,Anglo-French
tig,none
tiger,Old English
tight,Middle English
tighten,Old English
tightrope,none
tights,none
tightwad,Modern Greek
tigress,none
Tigris,Turk
Tijuana,Spanish
Tiki,none
til,none
tilapia,Modern Latin
tilde,Spanish
tile,Old English
tile,none
till,Old English
till,Old English
till,Anglo-French
tillage,none
tiller,French
tiller,none
tilt,Old English
tilt,Old English
tilt,none
tilt,English
tilth,Old English
timber,Old English
timberline,none
timbre,French
timbrel,French
Timbuktu,English
time,Old English
time,Old English
time zone,none
time-honored,none
time-keeper,none
time-line,none
time-out,none
time-server,Latin
time-sharing,none
time-span,none
time-stamp,none
time-worn,none
timeless,none
timely,Old English
timeous,none
timepiece,none
timer,none
timetable,none
timewise,none
timid,Middle French
timidity,Latin
timing,none
timocracy,Middle French
Timon,none
Timor,Malay
timorous,Middle French
Timothy,French
timothy,American English
timpani,Italian
tin,Old English
Tin Pan Alley,none
Tina,none
tinct,Latin
tincture,Latin
tinder,Old English
tinderbox,none
tine,Old English
tinea,Latin
tinfoil,none
tinge,Latin
tingle,none
tingly,none
tinhorn,none
tink,none
tinker,none
tinker,none
tinkle,none
tinman,none
tinnitus,Latin
tinny,none
tinsel,Middle French
tinsmith,none
tint,Latin
tint,none
tintinnabulation,Latin
tiny,none
Tioga,Iroquoian
tip,Scand
tip,Middle Low German
tip,English
tip,Low German
tip,none
tip,Old Norse
tip-off,none
tip-top,none
Tipperary,Irish
tippet,Old English
tipple,Scand
tippler,none
tipstaff,none
tipster,none
tipsy,none
tiptoe,none
tirade,French
tire,Old English
tire,none
tire,none
tired,none
tiredness,none
tireless,none
tiresome,none
Tironian,Latin
tisane,French
tissue,French
tit,Old English
tit,Scand
tit for tat,none
titan,Latin
titanic,none
titanium,Modern Latin
tithe,Old English
tithe,Old English
tither,none
titi,Tupi
Titian,none
titillate,none
titillation,Latin
titivate,Latin
title,French
title,none
titmouse,Old English
titrate,French
titration,none
titter,none
titties,none
tittle,Latin
titular,Middle French
tix,none
tizzy,American English
TLC,none
Tlingit,none
tmesis,Greek
TNT,none
to,Old English
to-,West Germanic
to-do,Old English
toad,Old English
toadstone,Greek
toadstool,Middle English
toady,none
toast,French
toast,none
toast,none
toast,none
toaster,none
toasty,none
tobacco,Spanish
tobacconist,none
Tobias,Late Latin
toboggan,French
Toby,American English
toc,none
toccata,Italian
Tocharian,Indo-European
tocsin,Middle French
today,Old English
Todd,Middle English
toddle,Scot.
toddler,none
toddy,English
toe,Old English
toe,none
toenail,none
toff,none
toffee,none
toft,Old English
tofu,Japanese
tog,French
toga,Latin
together,Old English
togetherness,none
toggery,none
toggle,none
toggle,none
togs,none
toil,Anglo-French
toil,Anglo-French
toil,Middle French
toile,French
toilet,Middle French
toiletries,none
toilsome,none
tokay,Hung
toke,Spanish
token,Old English
token,none
tokenism,none
Tokyo,Japanese
told,Old English
tole,French
Toledo,none
tolerable,Middle French
tolerance,French
tolerant,French
tolerate,Latin
toleration,Middle French
toll,Old English
toll,Old English
tollbooth,none
Toltec,Nahuatl
toluene,German
Tom,none
tom-fool,Middle English
tom-tom,Sinhalese
tomahawk,Algonquian
tomato,Spanish
tomb,Anglo-French
tombola,Italian
tombolo,Italian
tomboy,none
tombstone,none
tomcat,none
tome,Middle French
tomfoolery,none
Tommy,none
tommyrot,none
tomography,Greek
tomorrow,Old English
ton,none
ton,French
tonal,Medieval Latin
tonality,none
tone,French
tone,none
toner,none
Tong,Cantonese
tongs,Old English
tongue,Old English
tongue,none
tongue-in-cheek,none
tongue-lash,none
tongue-twister,none
tongued,none
tongueless,none
tonic,none
tonic,Greek
tonic,none
tonify,none
tonight,Old English
tonite,none
tonite,Latin
tonnage,French
tonne,French
tonneau,French
tonsil,Latin
tonsillectomy,Latin
tonsillitis,none
tonsillolith,none
tonsorial,Latin
tonsure,Anglo-French
tontine,French
Tonto,Spanish
tony,American English
Tony,none
Tony,none
too,Old English
toodle-oo,none
took,Old English
tool,Old English
tool,none
toolbar,none
toolbox,none
toolkit,none
toon,none
toot,Middle Low German
toot,none
toot sweet,American English
tooth,Old English
tooth-ache,Old English
toothbrush,none
toothless,Old English
toothpaste,none
toothpick,Old English
toothsome,none
tootle,none
toots,American English
tootsy,none
top,Old English
top,Old English
top,none
top,none
top-hamper,none
top-hat,none
top-heavy,none
top-notch,none
top-sider,none
topaz,French
tope,Italian
Topeka,Siouan
toper,none
Tophet,none
topiary,Latin
topic,Latin
topical,none
topknot,none
topless,none
topography,Late Latin
topology,Greek
toponym,Greek
topos,Greek
topper,none
topping,none
topple,none
tops,American English
topsoil,none
Topsy,none
topsy-turvy,Old English
toque,Middle French
tor,Old English
Torah,Hebrew
torch,French
torch,none
torcher,none
torchiere,French
torchlight,none
toreador,Spanish
Tori,none
toric,none
torii,Japanese
torment,French
torment,French
tormentor,Anglo-French
torn,Old English
tornado,Spanish
toro,Spanish
Toronto,Iroquoian
torpedo,Latin
torpedo,none
torpid,Latin
torpidity,none
torpor,Latin
torque,Latin
torque,none
torr,Italian
torrent,Middle French
torrential,French
torrid,Medieval Latin
torsion,French
torso,Italian
tort,French
torte,German
tortellini,Italian
tortfeasor,French
torticollis,Modern Latin
tortilla,American Spanish
tortious,Anglo-French
tortoise,Middle English
tortuous,Anglo-French
torture,French
torture,none
torturous,Anglo-French
torus,Latin
Tory,Irish
tosh,Scot.
tosh,none
toss,Scand
toss,none
toss-up,none
tosser,none
tosspot,none
tostada,Mexican Spanish
tot,Scot.
tot,none
total,none
total,none
total,French
totalitarian,Italian
totalitarianism,Italian
totality,Middle French
totally,none
tote,none
totem,Algonquian
totemic,none
tother,none
totipotent,Latin
toto,Latin
toto caelo,Latin
totter,Scand
tottery,none
toucan,French
touch,French
touch,French
touch-screen,none
touch-up,none
touchdown,none
touche,French
touched,none
touching,none
touching,French
touchpoint,none
touchstone,Middle English
touchwood,none
touchy,none
tough,Old English
tough,American English
toughen,none
toughness,none
toupee,French
tour,French
tour,none
tour de force,French
tourism,none
tourist,none
tourmaline,French
tournament,French
tournedos,French
tourney,Anglo-French
tourney,Anglo-French
tourniquet,French
tousle,Old English
Toussaint,French
tout,Middle English
tow,Old English
tow,Old English
tow,none
tow-truck,none
toward,Old English
towards,Old English
towaway,none
towel,French
towel,none
towelette,none
tower,none
tower,Old English
tower,none
towhead,none
towhee,none
town,Old English
townhouse,American English
townie,none
township,Old English
townspeople,none
toxemia,Greek
toxic,French
toxicity,none
toxicology,French
toxin,none
toxoplasmosis,French
toy,Middle Dutch
toy,none
toy-box,none
Toyota,Japanese
trace,French
trace,French
trace,French
traceable,none
tracer,none
tracery,English
trachea,Medieval Latin
tracheostomy,Modern Latin
tracheotomy,Modern Latin
trachoma,Modern Latin
track,French
track,none
tracker,none
trackless,none
tract,Latin
tract,Latin
tractable,Latin
traction,Medieval Latin
tractor,Modern Latin
trad,none
trade,Middle Dutch
trade,none
trade-in,none
trade-off,none
trademark,none
trader,none
tradesman,none
tradition,French
traditional,none
traduce,Latin
traducer,none
Trafalgar,Arabic
traffic,Middle French
traffic,none
tragedian,French
tragedy,French
tragi-comedy,Middle French
tragi-comic,none
tragic,Latin
tragus,Modern Latin
trail,French
trail,Cherokee
trailblazer,none
trailer,none
train,French
train,none
train-spotting,English
trainable,none
trainee,none
trainer,none
training,none
traipse,French
trait,Middle French
traitor,French
traitorous,French
trajectory,Modern Latin
tram,Scot.
trammel,French
trammel,none
tramp,none
tramp,Middle Low German
trample,none
trampoline,Spanish
trance,French
tranche,French
trannie,none
tranquil,Latin
tranquility,French
tranquilize,none
tranquilizer,none
trans-,Latin
trans-Atlantic,none
trans-oceanic,none
transact,Latin
transaction,French
transaxle,none
transceiver,none
transcend,French
transcendence,Medieval Latin
transcendent,Latin
transcendental,Medieval Latin
transcendentalism,none
transcendentalist,none
transcontinental,American English
transcribe,Latin
transcript,Medieval Latin
transcriptase,none
transcription,Middle French
transduce,none
transducer,Latin
transduction,Latin
transect,Latin
transept,Medieval Latin
transeunt,none
transexual,none
transfer,French
transfer,none
transferable,none
transferee,none
transference,German
transferor,Latin
transfiguration,Latin
transfigure,French
transfix,Middle French
transfixion,none
transform,French
transformation,French
transformational,none
transformative,Latin
transformer,none
transfuse,Latin
transfusion,Middle French
transgender,none
transgress,Middle French
transgression,French
transgressive,none
transgressor,Anglo-French
transience,none
transient,Latin
transistor,none
transistorize,none
transit,Latin
transit,Latin
transition,Latin
transitional,none
transitive,Late Latin
transitory,French
translate,French
translater,none
translation,French
translator,French
transliterate,Latin
transliteration,Latin
translocation,none
translucence,Medieval Latin
translucent,Latin
transmigration,French
transmissible,Latin
transmission,Latin
transmit,Latin
transmittal,none
transmittance,none
transmitter,none
transmogrify,none
transmutation,French
transmute,Latin
transnational,none
transnationalism,none
transom,Latin
transparency,Medieval Latin
transparent,Medieval Latin
transpiration,Medieval Latin
transpire,Middle French
transplant,Late Latin
transplant,none
transplantation,French
transponder,none
transpontine,Latin
transport,French
transport,none
transportable,none
transportation,Middle English
transpose,French
transposition,Middle French
transsexual,none
transsexualism,none
transubstantiation,Medieval Latin
transversal,Medieval Latin
transverse,Latin
transvestite,German
Transylvania,Medieval Latin
trap,Old English
trap,Old English
trapeze,French
trapezium,Late Latin
trapezius,Modern Latin
trapezoid,Modern Latin
trapezoidal,none
trapper,none
trappings,Middle English
Trappist,French
traps,Swedish
traps,none
trash,Scand
trash,none
trashy,none
trattoria,Italian
trauma,Latin
traumatic,French
traumatise,English
traumatize,Greek
travail,French
trave,French
travel,Old English
travel,none
traveler,none
travelogue,Greek
traverse,French
traverse,French
travertine,Italian
travesty,French
Traviata, La,Italian
Travis,French
travois,none
trawl,Dutch
trawler,none
tray,Old English
treacherous,French
treachery,French
treacle,French
tread,Old English
tread,none
treadle,Old English
treadmill,none
treason,Anglo-French
treasonable,none
treasonous,none
treasure,French
treasure,none
treasurer,Old North French
treasury,French
treat,French
treat,none
treatable,Anglo-French
treatise,Anglo-French
treatment,none
treaty,Anglo-French
treble,French
treble,French
treble,Anglo-French
trebuchet,Anglo-Latin
tree,Old English
tree,none
tree-frog,none
tree-house,none
tree-top,none
treeless,none
tref,none
trefoil,Anglo-French
trek,Afrikaans
trekker,none
trekkie,none
trellis,French
tremble,French
tremblor,none
tremendous,Latin
tremolo,Italian
tremor,French
tremulous,Latin
trench,French
trenchant,French
trencher,Anglo-French
trend,Middle English
trend,none
trendsetter,none
trendy,none
Trent,Italian
Trenton,none
trepan,French
trephine,French
trepid,Latin
trepidation,Middle French
tres,French
trespass,French
trespass,French
tress,French
tress,French
tressel,none
trestle,French
tret,none
Trevor,none
trey,Anglo-French
tri-,Latin
triad,Late Latin
triage,French
trial,Anglo-French
triangle,French
triangular,Late Latin
triangularity,none
triangulate,Latin
triangulation,French
triannual,none
Triassic,German
triathlete,none
triathlon,Greek
triaxial,none
tribadism,French
tribal,American English
tribalism,none
tribe,Hebrew
TriBeCa,none
tribesman,none
tribology,Greek
tribulation,French
tribunal,French
tribune,Latin
tributary,Latin
tributary,Latin
tribute,Anglo-French
trice,Middle Dutch
triceps,Latin
triceratops,Greek
trichinosis,Modern Latin
trichomoniasis,Latin
trichotillomania,French
trick,Old North French
trick,none
trickery,none
trickle,none
trickle,none
trickster,none
tricky,none
tricolor,French
tricot,French
tricuspid,Latin
tricycle,French
trident,Latin
tried,none
triennial,Latin
Trier,German
trifecta,none
trifid,Latin
trifle,French
trifle,none
trifocals,none
trig,Old Norse
trig,none
trigeminal,Latin
trigger,Dutch
trigger,none
triglyceride,none
trigonometric,none
trigonometry,Modern Latin
trike,none
trilateral,Late Latin
trilby,none
trilemma,none
trilingual,Latin
trill,Italian
trillion,French
trillionth,none
trillium,Modern Latin
trilobite,Modern Latin
trilogy,Greek
trim,Old English
trim,American English
trim,Old English
trimester,French
trimeter,Latin
trimmer,none
trimmings,none
trine,French
trinity,French
trinket,none
trinomial,none
trio,French
triolet,French
trip,French
trip,none
tripartite,Latin
tripe,French
triple,Medieval Latin
triple,French
triplet,none
triplicate,Latin
triplicate,Latin
tripod,Latin
Tripoli,Greek
triptych,Italian
trireme,Latin
Triscuit,none
trisect,Latin
trisexual,none
triskaidekaphobia,Greek
triskelion,Greek
trismus,Modern Latin
trisomy,none
trist,French
Tristram,French
trite,Latin
triticale,Modern Latin
tritium,Modern Latin
Triton,Latin
triturate,Late Latin
trituration,Late Latin
triumph,French
triumph,French
triumphal,Latin
triumphant,Latin
triumvir,Latin
triumvirate,Latin
triune,Latin
trivet,Latin
trivia,Latin
trivial,Latin
triviality,Middle French
trivialize,none
trivium,Medieval Latin
trochaic,Middle French
trochanter,French
trochee,French
trod,none
trodden,Middle English
trog,none
troglodyte,Middle French
troika,Russian
Trojan,Old English
troll,French
troll,Scand
troll,none
trolley,none
trollop,none
trombone,Italian
tromp,American English
trompe loeil,French
troop,Middle French
troop,none
trooper,none
trope,Latin
trophic,Greek
tropho-,Greek
trophy,Middle French
tropic,Late Latin
tropical,none
tropism,Greek
troposphere,French
trot,French
trot,French
troth,Old English
Trotskyite,Russian
trotter,none
troubadour,French
trouble,French
trouble,French
troubled,none
troublemaker,none
troubleshoot,none
troubleshooter,none
troublesome,none
troublous,French
trough,Old English
trounce,Middle French
troupe,French
trouper,American English
trousers,Gaelic
trousseau,French
trout,Old English
trove,Anglo-French
trow,Old English
trowel,French
troy,none
truancy,none
truant,French
truant,none
truce,Old English
trucial,none
truck,Latin
truck,Old North French
truck,none
truck,French
trucker,none
truckle,Anglo-French
truckle,none
truculence,Latin
truculent,Latin
trudge,none
true,Old English
true,none
truffle,Middle French
truism,none
trull,German
truly,Old English
Truman,none
trumeau,French
trump,none
trump,none
trump,Middle English
trump,French
trumpery,Middle French
trumpet,French
trumpet,none
truncate,Latin
truncated,none
truncation,Late Latin
truncheon,Old North French
trundle,Middle English
trundle,none
trunk,none
trunk,French
trunnion,French
truss,French
truss,Anglo-French
trust,Old Norse
trust,Old Norse
trustee,none
trustful,none
trustworthy,none
trusty,Old English
truth,Old English
truthful,none
truthiness,none
try,Anglo-French
try,none
trying,none
tryout,none
trypsin,German
tryptic,none
tryptophan,German
tryst,French
tsar,Latin
tsetse,Dutch
tsk,none
Tso,none
tsunami,Japanese
tu quoque,Latin
tuatara,none
Tuatha de Danann,Irish
tub,Middle Low German
tuba,French
tubby,none
tube,Middle French
tuber,Latin
tubercle,Latin
tubercular,Latin
tuberculosis,Latin
tuberculous,Latin
tubing,none
tubular,Latin
tuck,Middle Low German
tuck,none
tuckahoe,American English
tucker,Middle English
tucker,none
Tucson,Spanish
tude,none
Tudor,English
Tuesday,Old English
tufa,Italian
tuff,none
tuffet,French
tuft,French
tug,Old English
tug,none
tugboat,none
Tuileries,French
tuition,Anglo-French
tulip,Dutch
tulle,Medieval Latin
tumble,none
tumble,Old English
tumble-down,none
tumbler,Old English
tumbleweed,none
tumbrel,French
tumefaction,Medieval Latin
tumescence,French
tumescent,Latin
tumid,Latin
tummy,none
tumor,Latin
tumour,English
tumulous,Latin
tumult,French
tumultuous,Middle French
tumulus,Latin
tun,Old English
tuna,American Spanish
tundra,Russian
tune,none
tune,none
tune-up,none
tuneful,none
tuneless,none
tuner,none
tunesmith,none
tung,none
tungsten,Swedish
tunic,Middle French
tunicate,Latin
tuning,none
tunnel,Middle French
tunnel,none
tunny,Middle French
tup,Scot.
tupelo,Algonquian
Tupi,Tupi
tuppence,none
Tupperware,none
tuque,French
turban,Middle French
turbid,Latin
turbidity,Medieval Latin
turbine,French
turbo-,Latin
turbot,French
turbulence,Late Latin
turbulent,Middle French
turd,Old English
tureen,French
turf,Old English
turf,none
turgid,Latin
turgor,Latin
Turin,Italian
Turing machine,English
Turk,French
turkey,Turk
Turkey,Medieval Latin
turkey-vulture,none
Turkish,Turk
Turkoman,Medieval Latin
Turkophile,Turk
turmeric,Middle English
turmoil,Middle French
turn,Old English
turn,Anglo-French
turn-around,American English
turn-off,none
turn-on,none
turn-out,none
turnbuckle,none
turncoat,none
turner,none
turnip,Middle English
turnkey,none
turnover,none
turnpike,none
turnstile,none
turntable,none
turpentine,French
turpitude,Middle French
turquoise,Middle French
turret,French
turtle,French
turtle,Old English
turtleneck,none
Tuscaloosa,Spanish
Tuscan,Italian
Tuscarora,Iroquoian
tush,Hebrew
tush,none
tushy,none
tusk,Old English
Tuskegee,Spanish
tussive,Latin
tussle,Scot.
tussle,none
tussock,none
tut,none
tutee,none
tutelage,Latin
tutelary,Late Latin
tutor,French
tutor,none
tutorial,none
tutti-frutti,Italian
tutu,French
tux,none
tuxedo,Algonquian
TV,none
TWA,none
twa,Scot.
twaddle,none
twain,Old English
twang,none
twangy,none
twat,none
tweak,Middle English
tweak,none
twee,none
tweed,Scot.
tweedledum,English
tweedy,none
tween,none
tweet,Twi
tweeter,none
tweeze,none
tweezers,French
twelfth,Middle English
twelve,Old English
twelve-month,Old English
twenties,none
twentieth,Middle English
twenty,Old English
twerk,Twi
twerp,none
Twi,none
twi-,Old English
twi-night,none
twice,Old English
twiddle,Twi
twig,Old English
twiggy,English
twilight,Flemish
twill,Scot.
twin,Old English
twin,Twi
twin,Old English
twine,Old English
twine,Old Norse
twinge,Old English
twink,Old English
Twinkie,none
twinkle,Old English
twirl,Old English
twirl,none
twirler,none
twist,Old English
twist,Twi
twist-off,none
twisted,none
twister,American English
twisty,none
twit,Middle English
twit,none
twitch,Old English
twitch,none
twitter,Old High German
twitterpated,Twi
twizzle,Twi
two,Old English
two bits,none
two-faced,none
two-step,none
two-time,none
twofer,none
twofold,Old English
Tyburn,none
Tyche,Latin
tycoon,Japanese
tyke,Scand
Tylenol,none
Tyler,none
tympanic,none
tympanist,Latin
tympanum,Medieval Latin
type,Latin
type,none
type-setting,none
typecast,none
typeface,none
typesetter,none
typewriter,none
typhoid,none
Typhon,Greek
typhoon,Greek
typhus,Latin
typical,Medieval Latin
typify,Late Latin
typist,none
typo,none
typographer,none
typographic,Medieval Latin
typographical,none
typography,French
typology,Greek
tyrannical,Latin
tyrannize,Middle French
tyrannosaurus,Modern Latin
tyrannous,Latin
tyranny,French
tyrant,French
tyre,English
Tyrian,Latin
tyro,Medieval Latin
Tyrol,German
Tyrone,Irish
tyrosine,German
Tyrrhenian,Etruscan
-ular,none
-ule,French
-ulent,Latin
-ure,French
U,none
U-bahn,German
U-boat,German
U-turn,none
U.K.,none
U.N.,none
ubeity,Modern Latin
ubi,English
ubiquitous,Modern Latin
ubiquity,Modern Latin
udder,Old English
UFO,none
ufology,none
ug,Old Norse
Uganda,none
Ugaritic,Semitic
ugh,none
uglification,none
uglify,none
ugliness,none
ugly,Scand
uh,none
UHF,none
uhlan,German
uilleann,Irish
ukase,Russian
uke,none
Ukraine,Russian
ukulele,Hawaiian
ulcer,French
ulceration,Latin
ulcerous,Latin
ulema,Arabic
ullage,Anglo-French
ulna,Latin
Ulrich,German
Ulster,Anglo-French
ult.,none
ulterior,Latin
ultimate,Late Latin
ultimatum,Modern Latin
ultimo,Latin
ultra vires,Latin
ultra-,Latin
ultra-conservative,none
ultralight,none
ultramarine,Medieval Latin
ultramontane,Middle French
ultranationalism,none
ultrasonic,none
ultrasonography,none
ultrasound,none
ultraviolet,none
ululate,Latin
ululation,Latin
Ulysses,Latin
um,none
Umayyad,Arabic
umbel,Latin
umber,Middle French
umbilical,Medieval Latin
umbilicus,Latin
umbles,none
umbo,Latin
umbra,Latin
umbrage,Middle French
umbrageous,French
umbrella,Italian
Umbrian,none
umiak,none
umlaut,German
umma,Arabic
ump,American English
umpire,French
umpire,none
umpteen,none
umpty,none
un-,Old English
un-,Old English
un-American,none
un-British,none
un-English,English
unabashed,none
unabated,none
unable,French
unabridged,none
unaccented,none
unacceptable,none
unaccompanied,none
unaccomplished,none
unaccountable,none
unaccredited,none
unaccustomed,none
unacknowledged,none
unacquainted,none
unadorned,none
unadulterated,none
unadvertised,none
unaffected,none
unafraid,none
unaided,none
unalienable,none
unalloyed,none
unalterable,none
unaltered,none
unambiguous,none
unanimity,French
unanimous,Latin
unannounced,none
unanswerable,none
unanswered,none
unanticipated,none
unapologetic,none
unappeasable,none
unappreciated,none
unappreciative,none
unapprehended,none
unapproachable,none
unapproved,none
unarmed,none
unary,Latin
unashamed,none
unasked,Old English
unaspiring,none
unassailable,none
unassimilated,none
unassisted,none
unassuming,none
unattached,none
unattainable,none
unattended,none
unattested,none
unattractive,none
unauthorized,none
unavailability,none
unavailable,none
unavailing,none
unavoidable,none
unaware,none
unawares,none
unbalance,none
unbalanced,none
unbar,none
unbearable,Old English
unbeatable,none
unbeaten,Old English
unbecoming,none
unbefitting,none
unbefriended,none
unbegotten,none
unbegun,Old English
unbeknown,none
unbeknownst,none
unbelief,Old English
unbelievable,none
unbeliever,Old English
unbend,none
unbeseeming,none
unbesought,none
unbias,none
unbiased,none
unbidden,Old English
unbind,Old English
unbleached,none
unblemished,none
unblown,none
unborn,Old English
unbosom,none
unbounded,none
unbowed,none
unbreakable,none
unbridled,Middle Dutch
unbroken,Old English
unbuckle,none
unburden,German
unburied,Old English
unbutton,none
uncalled,Swedish
uncanny,Scot.
uncap,none
uncaring,none
unceasing,none
uncensored,none
unceremonious,none
uncertain,none
uncertainty,none
unchain,none
unchallenged,none
unchangeable,none
unchanged,none
unchanging,none
uncharacteristic,none
uncharitable,none
uncharted,none
unchartered,none
unchaste,none
unchecked,none
unchivalrous,none
unchristian,none
unchurched,none
uncial,Latin
uncirculated,none
uncircumcised,none
uncivil,none
uncivilized,none
unclasp,none
unclassified,none
uncle,French
Uncle Sam,none
Uncle Tom,none
unclean,Old English
uncleanly,Old English
uncleanness,Old English
unclear,Middle Dutch
uncleared,none
unclog,none
unclothe,none
unclouded,none
uncoil,none
uncollectable,none
uncollected,none
uncollectible,none
uncolored,none
uncomely,none
uncomfortable,none
uncommitted,none
uncommon,none
uncommunicative,none
uncomparable,none
uncompassionate,none
uncompensated,none
uncomplaining,none
uncomplicated,none
uncompounded,none
uncomprehending,none
uncomprehensible,none
uncompromised,none
uncompromising,none
unconcerned,none
unconditional,none
unconditioned,none
unconfined,none
unconfirmed,none
unconformable,none
unconformity,none
uncongenial,none
unconnected,none
unconquerable,none
unconscionable,none
unconscious,German
unconstitutional,none
unconstrained,none
uncontested,none
uncontrollable,none
uncontrolled,none
uncontroverted,none
unconventional,none
unconventionality,none
unconverted,none
unconvinced,none
uncool,none
uncooperative,none
uncoordinated,none
uncorrupted,none
uncorruptible,none
uncountable,none
uncounted,none
uncouple,Middle Dutch
uncouth,Old English
uncover,none
uncredited,none
uncritical,Dutch
unction,Latin
unctious,none
unctuous,French
uncultivated,none
uncurbed,none
uncurious,none
uncurl,none
uncut,none
undated,German
undaunted,none
undaunting,none
undead,Old English
undeceive,none
undeceived,none
undecennial,Latin
undecided,none
undecipherable,none
undecisive,none
undefeated,none
undefended,none
undefiled,none
undefined,none
undelivered,none
undemanding,none
undemonstrative,none
undeniable,none
under,Old English
under-achiever,none
under-employed,none
under-employment,none
underage,none
underarm,none
underbelly,none
underbid,none
underbred,none
underbrush,American English
undercarriage,none
undercharge,none
underclass,Swedish
underclassman,American English
undercover,none
undercroft,none
undercurrent,none
undercut,none
underdeveloped,none
underdog,none
underdone,Old English
underdressed,none
underestimate,none
underexposed,none
underfeed,none
underfoot,Middle Dutch
undergarment,none
undergird,none
undergo,Old English
undergrad,none
undergraduate,none
underground,German
Underground Railroad,none
undergrowth,none
underhand,Middle Dutch
underhanded,none
underlay,Old English
underlie,Old English
underline,Dutch
underling,Old English
underlying,none
undermine,Dutch
undern,Old English
underneath,Old English
undernourished,none
underpants,none
underpass,American English
underpay,none
underpin,none
underpinning,none
underprivileged,none
underrate,none
underscore,none
undersea,none
underserve,none
undershirt,Frisian
undershoot,none
underside,Dutch
undersign,none
understand,Old English
understandable,none
understanding,Old English
understate,none
understated,none
understatement,none
understory,none
understudy,Italian
undertake,French
undertaker,none
undertaking,Old English
undertone,none
undertow,none
underutilize,none
undervalue,none
underwater,none
underway,none
underwear,none
underweight,none
underwhelm,none
underworld,German
underwrite,Old English
underwriter,none
undeserved,none
undeserving,none
undesirable,none
undetectable,none
undetected,none
undetermined,none
undeterred,none
undeveloped,none
undeviating,none
undeviating,none
undies,none
undifferentiated,none
undigested,none
undignified,none
undiluted,none
undiminished,none
undine,Modern Latin
undisciplined,German
undisclosed,none
undiscovered,none
undisguised,none
undismayed,none
undisputable,none
undisputed,none
undistinguishable,none
undistinguished,none
undisturbed,none
undivided,none
undivulged,none
undo,Old English
undocumented,none
undomesticated,none
undone,none
undoubtable,none
undoubted,none
undreamed,none
undress,none
undress,none
undressed,none
undue,French
undulant,Latin
undulate,none
undulation,Medieval Latin
unduly,none
undying,none
une,Latin
unearned,none
unearth,none
unearthly,none
uneasy,none
uneducated,none
unelectable,none
unemancipated,none
unemotional,none
unemployed,none
unemployment,none
unencumbered,none
unending,none
unendurable,none
unenlightened,none
unenthusiastic,none
unenviable,none
unequal,none
unequivocal,none
unerring,none
UNESCO,none
unethical,none
uneven,Old English
uneventful,none
unevitable,none
unexamined,none
unexceptionable,none
unexceptional,none
unexcusable,none
unexpected,none
unexperienced,none
unexplainable,none
unexplained,none
unexplored,none
unexpurgated,none
unfading,none
unfailing,none
unfair,Old English
unfairness,Old English
unfaithful,Middle English
unfaltering,none
unfamiliar,none
unfamous,none
unfashionable,none
unfasten,Old English
unfathomable,none
unfathomed,none
unfavorable,none
unfazed,American English
unfeasible,none
unfeeling,Old English
unfeigned,none
unfelt,none
unfetter,none
unfinished,none
unfit,none
unfit,none
unflagging,none
unflappable,none
unflattering,none
unfledged,none
unflinching,none
unfold,Old English
unforced,none
unforeseeable,none
unforeseen,Middle Dutch
unforgettable,none
unforgivable,none
unforgiven,Old English
unforgiving,Old English
unforgotten,German
unformed,none
unfortunate,none
unfortunately,none
unfortune,none
unfounded,none
unfree,Middle Dutch
unfrequented,none
unfriend,Scot.
unfriendly,Middle Dutch
unfruitful,none
unfulfilled,none
unfunded,none
unfunny,none
unfurl,none
unfurnished,none
ungainly,Middle English
ungentlemanly,none
ungird,Old English
unglue,none
ungodly,Middle Dutch
ungovernable,none
ungoverned,none
ungraceful,none
ungracious,none
ungrammatical,none
ungrateful,none
ungual,Latin
unguarded,none
unguent,Latin
unguided,none
ungulate,Late Latin
unh-unh,none
unhallowed,Old English
unhampered,none
unhand,none
unhappily,Old Norse
unhappiness,none
unhappy,none
unharmed,none
unharness,Dutch
unhealthy,none
unheard,Old English
unheeded,none
unhelpful,none
unheralded,none
unhindered,none
unhinge,none
unhinged,none
unhistorical,none
unhitch,none
unholy,Old English
unhonored,none
unhorse,Middle Dutch
unhuman,none
unhygienic,none
uni-,Latin
Uniate,Russian
unicameral,Late Latin
UNICEF,none
unicellular,none
unicorn,French
unicycle,American English
unidentifiable,none
unidentified,none
unidirectional,none
unification,none
uniform,Middle French
uniform,French
uniform,none
uniformitarian,none
uniformity,French
unify,Middle French
unilateral,Modern Latin
unilateralism,none
unimaginable,none
unimaginative,none
unimpaired,none
unimpeachable,none
unimpeded,none
unimportance,none
unimportant,none
unimposing,none
unimpressed,none
unimproved,none
unincorporated,none
uninflected,none
uninfluenced,none
uninformed,none
uninhabitable,none
uninhabited,none
uninhibited,none
uninitiated,none
uninjured,none
uninquisitive,none
uninspired,none
unintelligent,none
unintelligible,none
unintended,none
unintentional,none
uninterested,none
uninteresting,none
uninterrupted,none
uninvite,none
uninvited,none
uninviting,none
union,Anglo-French
Union Jack,Scot.
unionize,none
unipersonal,none
unipolar,none
unique,Middle French
unisex,none
unisexual,none
unison,Middle French
unit,English
unitard,none
unitarian,Modern Latin
unitarianism,none
unitary,none
unite,Late Latin
united,none
United Kingdom,none
United Nations,none
united states,none
uniter,none
unity,Anglo-French
univalve,none
universal,French
universalism,none
universality,French
universally,none
universe,French
university,Anglo-French
univocal,Latin
unjoin,none
unjust,none
unjustifiable,none
unjustified,none
unkempt,Middle English
unkept,none
unkillable,none
unkind,Old English
unkindly,Old English
unkindly,none
unkindness,none
unknit,Old English
unknowable,none
unknowing,none
unknown,Old English
unlace,none
unlade,Old English
unladen,none
unladylike,none
unlamented,none
unlatch,none
unlawful,Old English
unleaded,none
unlearn,none
unlearned,Old English
unleash,none
unleavened,none
unless,none
unlettered,Middle Dutch
unlicensed,none
unlike,Old English
unlike,none
unlikely,Old Norse
unlikely,none
unlimber,none
unlimited,none
unlink,none
unlisted,American English
unlivable,none
unload,none
unlock,Old English
unlooked,none
unloose,Old English
unloved,Old English
unlovely,none
unlucky,West Frisian
unmade,none
unmake,Middle Dutch
unmaking,none
unman,none
unmanageable,none
unmanaged,none
unmanly,Middle Dutch
unmanned,none
unmannerly,none
unmarked,Old Norse
unmarketable,none
unmarred,none
unmarried,none
unmask,none
unmastered,none
unmatched,none
unmeaning,none
unmeasurable,none
unmediated,none
unmeet,Old English
unmentionable,none
unmerciful,none
unmerited,none
unmet,none
unmindful,none
unmistakable,none
unmitigated,none
unmodified,none
unmolested,none
unmoor,none
unmotivated,none
unmounted,none
unmovable,none
unmoved,none
unmuzzled,none
unnamed,Old Frisian
unnatural,none
unnecessary,none
unneeded,none
unnerve,none
unnoticed,none
unnumbered,none
unobjectionable,none
unobservant,none
unobserved,none
unobstructed,none
unobtainable,none
unobtrusive,none
unoccupied,none
unoffending,none
unofficial,none
unopposed,none
unorganized,none
unoriginal,none
unorthodox,none
unorthodoxy,none
unostentatious,none
unowned,none
unpack,Dutch
unpaid,none
unpalatable,none
unparalleled,none
unpardonable,none
unpatriotic,none
unpaved,none
unpenetrable,none
unperceived,none
unpersuasive,none
unperturbed,none
unplace,none
unplanned,none
unpleasant,none
unpleasantness,none
unplug,none
unpolished,none
unpolluted,none
unpopular,none
unpopularity,none
unpracticed,none
unprecedented,none
unpredictable,none
unprejudiced,none
unpremeditated,none
unprepared,none
unprepossessing,none
unpresentable,none
unpretentious,none
unpreventable,none
unprincipled,none
unproductive,none
unprofessional,none
unprofitable,none
unpromising,none
unprompted,none
unpronounceable,none
unpropitious,none
unprotected,none
unprovable,none
unproved,none
unprovoked,none
unpublished,none
unpunctual,none
unpunished,none
unqualified,none
unquantifiable,none
unquenchable,none
unquestionable,none
unquestioned,none
unquiet,none
unquote,none
unravel,none
unreachable,none
unread,none
unreadable,none
unready,English
unreal,none
unrealistic,none
unreality,none
unreason,none
unreasonable,none
unrecognizable,none
unreconciled,none
unreconstructed,none
unredeemed,none
unredorded,none
unrefined,none
unreformed,none
unregenerate,none
unrelated,none
unrelenting,none
unreliable,none
unrelieved,none
unremarkable,none
unremitted,none
unremitting,none
unrepairable,none
unrepentant,none
unrequited,none
unreserved,none
unresisting,none
unresolved,none
unresponsive,none
unrest,West Frisian
unrestrained,none
unrestricted,none
unrewarded,none
unrighteous,Middle English
unripe,Old English
unrivalled,none
unroll,none
unromantic,none
unruffled,none
unruly,none
unsafe,none
unsaid,Old English
unsalted,Frisian
unsanitary,none
unsatiable,none
unsatisfactory,none
unsatisfied,none
unsaturated,none
unsavory,none
unscathed,Scot.
unschooled,none
unscramble,none
unscriptural,none
unscrupulous,none
unseal,Middle Dutch
unsearchable,none
unseasonable,none
unseasoned,none
unseat,none
unsecure,none
unsecured,none
unseeded,none
unseemly,Old Norse
unseen,Old English
unselfish,Danish
unsentimental,none
unseparable,none
unsettle,none
unsettled,none
unsex,none
unshakable,none
unshaken,none
unsheathe,none
unshod,Old English
unshorn,Old English
unsightly,Middle Dutch
unsinkable,none
unskilled,none
unskillful,none
unsmiling,none
unsociable,none
unsold,none
unsolicited,none
unsolved,none
unsophisticated,none
unsorted,none
unsought,Middle Dutch
unsound,Middle Low German
unsparing,none
unspeakable,none
unspoiled,none
unspoken,Middle Dutch
unsporting,none
unsportsmanlike,none
unstable,Middle High German
unstack,none
unsteady,Old Frisian
unsteady,none
unstick,none
unstinted,none
unstinting,none
unstop,none
unstoppable,none
unstressed,none
unstring,none
unstrung,none
unstuck,none
unstudied,none
unsubscribe,none
unsubsidized,none
unsubstantial,none
unsubstantiated,none
unsuccessful,none
unsuitable,none
unsuited,none
unsullied,none
unsung,German
unsupervised,none
unsupported,none
unsure,none
unsurmountable,none
unsurpassable,none
unsurpassed,none
unsuspected,none
unsuspecting,none
unsustainable,none
unswayed,none
unsweetened,none
unswerving,none
unsympathetic,none
unsystematic,none
untainted,Middle English
untamed,Old English
untangible,none
untangle,none
untapped,none
untaught,none
untempered,Middle Dutch
untenable,none
untenanted,none
untether,none
untethered,none
unthaw,none
unthinkable,none
unthinking,none
unthrifty,Middle English
untidy,West Frisian
untidy,none
untie,Old English
until,Old Norse
untilled,none
untimely,Danish
untitled,none
unto,Old English
untold,Old English
untouchable,none
untouched,none
untoward,none
untrained,none
untrammeled,none
untreatable,none
untried,none
untrodden,none
untroubled,none
untrue,Old English
untrustworthy,none
untruth,Old English
unturned,none
untwist,none
unusable,none
unused,none
unusual,none
unutterable,none
unvanquished,none
unvarnished,none
unvarying,none
unveil,none
unwanted,none
unwarranted,none
unwary,Old English
unwashed,Middle English
unwavering,none
unwearied,Old English
unwed,none
unwelcome,Middle Dutch
unwell,Frisian
unwholesome,Flemish
unwieldy,Old English
unwilling,Middle English
unwind,Old English
unwise,Old English
unwisely,Old English
unwitting,Old English
unwonted,none
unworkable,none
unworldly,none
unworthy,Middle Dutch
unwound,none
unwrap,none
unwritten,Old English
unyielding,none
unzip,none
up,Old English
up,Old English
up,American English
up,none
up-,Old English
up-and-down,none
up-country,none
up-current,none
up-market,none
up-river,none
up-to-date,none
Upanishad,Sanskrit
upas,Dutch
upbeat,none
upbraid,Old English
upbringing,Scot.
upchuck,American English
upcoming,Middle English
update,none
updraft,none
upend,none
upfield,none
upfront,none
upgather,none
upgrade,none
upgrade,none
upheaval,Old Frisian
upheld,none
uphill,none
uphold,Old Frisian
upholster,none
upholsterer,Middle English
upholstery,none
upkeep,none
upland,Old English
uplift,none
uplift,none
uplink,none
upload,none
upon,Old English
upon,Old English
upper,Middle Dutch
upper,none
uppercut,none
uppermost,none
uppish,none
uppity,American English
upraise,none
upright,Old English
uprise,West Frisian
uprising,none
uproar,German
uproarious,none
uproot,none
upscale,none
upset,Middle Dutch
upset,none
upset,none
upshot,none
upside,none
upside down,none
upsilon,Greek
upskirt,none
upstage,none
upstairs,none
upstanding,Old English
upstart,none
upstate,American English
upstream,none
upsurge,none
upswing,none
upsy-daisy,English
uptake,Middle English
uptick,none
uptight,none
uptown,none
upturn,none
upward,Old English
upwelling,none
upwind,none
ur-,German
uracil,German
Ural,none
Urania,Latin
uranian,Greek
Uranian,none
uranium,Modern Latin
Uranus,Latin
urban,Latin
Urban,Latin
urbane,Middle French
urbanisation,English
urbanism,none
urbanite,none
urbanity,Middle French
urbanization,none
urbanize,French
urceolate,Latin
urchin,Old North French
Urdu,Turk
ure,French
urea,Latin
uremia,Modern Latin
ureter,Latin
urethane,French
urethra,Late Latin
urethritis,Latin
uretic,Late Latin
urge,Latin
urge,none
urgency,none
urgent,Middle French
Uriah,Hebrew
uric,French
urinal,French
urinalysis,none
urinary,Modern Latin
urinate,Medieval Latin
urination,Medieval Latin
urine,French
URL,none
urn,Latin
uro-,Greek
urogenital,none
urologist,none
urology,none
Ursa,Old English
urschleim,German
ursine,Latin
ursprache,German
Ursula,Latin
urticaria,Latin
Uruguay,none
us,Old English
US,none
USA,none
usable,French
usage,Anglo-French
usb,none
use,French
use,Anglo-French
used,none
useful,none
useless,none
user,none
username,none
usher,Anglo-French
usher,none
USSR,none
Ustashi,Croatian
usual,French
usually,none
usufruct,Late Latin
usurer,Anglo-French
usurious,none
usurp,French
usurpation,French
usurper,none
usury,Medieval Latin
Utah,Spanish
Ute,none
utensil,French
uterine,French
utero-,Latin
uterus,Latin
Utgard,Old Norse
utile,French
utilisation,English
utilitarian,none
utilitarianism,none
utility,French
utilization,French
utilize,French
utmost,Old English
utopia,Modern Latin
utopian,none
utopianism,none
utter,Old English
utter,Middle Dutch
utterance,none
utterly,German
uttermost,Middle English
UV,none
uvea,Latin
uvula,Late Latin
uxorial,Latin
uxoricide,French
uxorious,Latin
Uzi,none
-ville,French
-vorous,Latin
V,Middle English
V.D.,none
v.i.,Latin
vac,none
vacancy,Late Latin
vacant,French
vacate,Latin
vacation,French
vacation,none
vaccinate,none
vaccination,Latin
vaccine,French
vacillate,Latin
vacillation,Latin
vacuity,Latin
vacuole,French
vacuous,Latin
vacuum,none
vacuum,Latin
vade,Latin
vade-mecum,Latin
vae victis,Latin
vagabond,French
vagabond,Middle English
vagal,none
vagary,Italian
vagina,Latin
vaginal,none
vaginismus,Latin
vaginitis,Latin
vagitus,Latin
vagrancy,none
vagrant,Anglo-French
vagrant,Anglo-French
vague,Middle French
vaguely,none
vagus,Latin
vail,French
vain,French
vainglorious,French
vainglory,French
vair,French
valance,Anglo-French
vale,French
valediction,Latin
valedictorian,American English
valedictory,Latin
valence,Latin
Valencia,Latin
Valentine,Late Latin
Valentino,Italian
valerian,French
Valerie,French
valet,French
valetudinarian,Latin
valgus,Latin
Valhalla,English
valiance,Anglo-French
valiant,Anglo-French
valid,Middle French
validate,Medieval Latin
validation,none
validity,Middle French
valise,Middle French
Valium,none
Valkyr,none
Valkyrie,Old Norse
valley,Anglo-French
valor,French
valorization,none
valorize,none
valorous,Middle French
valour,English
valuable,none
valuables,none
valuation,Middle French
value,French
value,none
valueless,none
values,none
valve,Latin
vambrace,Anglo-French
vamoose,Spanish
vamp,none
vamp,none
vamp,Anglo-French
vampire,French
vampirism,none
van,none
van,none
Van Allen,none
van de Graaff,none
vanadium,Swedish
Vancouver,English
vandal,German
vandalism,French
vandalize,none
vandyke,Flemish
vane,none
Vanessa,Danish
vanguard,Middle French
vanilla,Spanish
vanillin,none
vaniloquence,Latin
vanish,French
vanity,French
vanquish,French
vantage,Anglo-French
vapid,Latin
vapidity,none
vapor,Anglo-French
vaporetto,Italian
vaporization,Middle English
vaporize,Latin
vaporizer,none
vaporous,Late Latin
vapour,English
vappa,Latin
vaquero,Spanish
Varangian,Medieval Latin
variability,Latin
variable,French
variable,none
variance,French
variant,none
variant,French
variate,Latin
variation,French
varicella,Latin
varices,none
varicocele,Latin
varicolored,Latin
varicose,Latin
varied,none
variegate,Late Latin
varietal,American English
variety,Middle French
variform,Latin
varify,Latin
variola,Latin
variorum,Latin
various,Middle French
varlet,Middle French
varmint,American English
varnish,French
varnish,none
varsity,English
varus,Latin
varve,Swedish
varvel,French
vary,French
vas,Latin
vascular,Modern Latin
vasculature,Latin
vasculitis,Latin
vase,French
vasectomy,Modern Latin
Vaseline,German
vasoconstriction,none
vasodilation,Latin
vasopressin,Latin
vassal,French
vassalage,French
vast,Middle French
vat,Old English
vaterland,German
vates,Latin
vatic,Latin
Vatican,Latin
vaticinate,Latin
vaticination,Latin
vaudeville,French
vaudevillian,none
Vaughan,none
vault,French
vault,Middle French
vault,none
vault,French
vaunt,Anglo-French
vaunt,French
Vauxhall,Middle English
VC,none
VCR,none
VE Day,none
veal,Anglo-French
vector,Latin
Veda,Sanskrit
vedette,French
Vedic,none
vee,none
veejay,none
veep,American English
veer,Middle French
veg,none
Vega,Arabic
vegan,English
vegetable,French
vegetable,Old English
vegetal,Medieval Latin
vegetarian,none
vegetarianism,none
vegetate,Latin
vegetation,Middle French
vegetative,French
veggie,none
vehemence,French
vehement,Middle French
vehicle,French
vehicular,Late Latin
veil,Anglo-French
veil,French
vein,French
velar,Latin
Velcro,French
veld,none
veldt,Afrikaans
velleity,Medieval Latin
vellum,French
velocipede,French
velociraptor,Latin
velocity,Latin
velodrome,French
velour,French
Velox,none
velum,Latin
velvet,Vulgar Latin
velveteen,none
velvety,none
ven.,none
vena cava,Latin
venal,French
venality,French
venation,Latin
vend,Latin
vendee,none
Vendee,French
vender,none
vendetta,Italian
vendor,Anglo-French
vendue,Dutch
veneer,German
veneer,German
venerable,French
venerate,Latin
veneration,French
venereal,Latin
venery,Medieval Latin
venery,French
Venetian,Medieval Latin
Venezuela,Spanish
venge,French
vengeance,Anglo-French
vengeful,none
venial,French
Venice,Italian
venire,Latin
venison,French
Venn diagram,English
venom,Anglo-French
venomous,Anglo-French
venous,Latin
vent,French
vent,French
ventilate,Latin
ventilation,Latin
ventilator,Latin
ventral,French
ventricle,Latin
ventriloquism,none
ventriloquist,English
ventriloquy,Late Latin
venture,none
venture,Anglo-French
venturesome,none
Venturi,Italian
venturous,none
venue,French
venule,Latin
Venus,Old English
Venusian,Middle English
ver,French
ver-,German
Vera,Latin
veracious,Latin
veracity,French
veranda,Portuguese
verb,French
verbage,none
verbal,French
verbalization,none
verbalize,French
verbarian,Latin
verbatim,Medieval Latin
verbena,Latin
verbiage,French
verbicide,Latin
verbiculture,Latin
verbigeration,German
verbose,Latin
verbosity,French
verboten,German
verdant,Middle French
verdict,Middle English
verdigris,French
verdure,French
verdurous,none
verge,French
verge,Latin
vergence,none
verger,Anglo-French
veridical,Latin
verifiable,none
verification,Medieval Latin
verify,French
verily,Middle English
verisimilitude,French
verism,Italian
veritable,Anglo-French
veritas,Latin
verity,Anglo-French
vermeil,Anglo-French
vermicelli,Italian
vermicular,Medieval Latin
vermiculation,Latin
vermiculite,Latin
vermiform,Modern Latin
vermilion,Anglo-French
vermin,Anglo-French
verminous,Latin
Vermont,French
vermouth,French
vernacular,Latin
vernal,Late Latin
vernier,French
Verona,none
Veronica,French
verruca,Latin
vers libre,French
Versailles,Latin
versant,Latin
versatile,Latin
versatility,none
verse,Old English
versed,Middle French
versification,Latin
versify,French
version,Middle French
verso,Latin
verst,Russian
versus,Latin
vert,Anglo-French
vert,Latin
vertebra,Latin
vertebral,none
vertebrate,Latin
vertex,Latin
vertical,Middle French
vertiginous,French
vertigo,Latin
vervain,French
verve,French
vervet,French
very,Anglo-French
vesicant,Medieval Latin
vesicle,Middle French
vesicular,Modern Latin
Vespa,Italian
vesper,French
vespertine,Latin
vespiary,Latin
vessel,French
vest,French
vest,French
Vesta,Greek
vestal,Latin
vested,none
vestibular,none
vestibule,French
vestige,French
vestigial,none
vestment,French
vestry,Anglo-French
vesture,Anglo-French
Vesuvius,none
vet,none
vet,none
vet,none
vetch,Old North French
veteran,French
veterinarian,Latin
veterinary,Latin
veto,Latin
veto,none
vetting,none
vex,French
vexation,French
vexatious,none
vexed,Latin
vexillology,Latin
VFW,none
VHF,none
VHS,none
via,Latin
viability,French
viable,French
viaduct,Latin
Viagra,none
vial,none
viand,Anglo-French
viatic,Latin
viaticum,Latin
vibe,none
vibrant,Latin
vibraphone,none
vibrate,Latin
vibration,Latin
vibrato,Italian
vibrator,Latin
vibrissa,Latin
viburnum,Latin
Vic,none
vicar,Anglo-French
vicarage,none
vicarious,Latin
vice,French
vice,none
vice versa,Latin
vice-,Latin
vice-president,none
vice-regent,none
vicegerent,Medieval Latin
viceroy,Middle French
Vichy,French
vichyssoise,French
vicinage,French
vicinity,Middle French
vicious,Anglo-French
vicissitude,Middle French
Vicksburg,none
victim,Latin
victimization,none
victimize,none
victimless,none
victimology,French
victor,Anglo-French
Victoria,Latin
Victorian,none
Victorianism,none
victorious,Anglo-French
victory,Anglo-French
Victrola,none
victual,none
victual,Anglo-French
victuals,Anglo-French
vicuna,Spanish
vid.,Latin
vide,Latin
videlicet,none
video,Latin
video-,none
videocassette,none
videographer,none
videotape,none
vidette,none
vie,Middle English
Vienna,Latin
Viet Cong,none
Viet Minh,French
Vietnam,none
Vietnamese,none
Vietnamization,none
view,Anglo-French
view,none
viewer,none
viewing,none
viewpoint,none
vigil,Anglo-French
vigilance,Middle French
vigilant,Middle French
vigilante,American English
vignette,French
vigor,Anglo-French
vigorous,Anglo-French
vigour,English
Viking,Scand
vilayet,Turk
vile,Anglo-French
vilification,Medieval Latin
vilify,Late Latin
villa,Italian
village,French
villain,Anglo-French
villainous,French
villainy,Anglo-French
villanelle,French
Villanova,none
villein,none
villus,Latin
vim,Latin
vinaigrette,French
Vincent,French
vincible,Middle French
vinculum,Latin
vindicate,Latin
vindication,French
vindicative,French
vindicatory,none
vindictive,Latin
vindictiveness,none
vine,French
vinegar,French
vineyard,Old English
Vinland,English
vino,Italian
vinous,Latin
vintage,Anglo-French
vintner,Anglo-French
vinyl,Latin
viol,Middle French
viola,Italian
Viola,Latin
violate,Latin
violation,French
violative,none
violence,Anglo-French
violent,French
violet,French
violin,Italian
violinist,Italian
violon dIngres,French
violoncello,Italian
VIP,none
viper,Middle French
viperine,Latin
virago,Latin
viral,none
vireo,Latin
Virgilian,Latin
virgin,Anglo-French
virginal,French
virginals,none
Virginia,Latin
virginity,Anglo-French
Virgo,Latin
virgule,French
viridian,Latin
virile,Middle French
virility,Middle French
virion,French
virologist,none
virology,none
virtu,Italian
virtual,Medieval Latin
virtually,none
virtue,Anglo-French
virtuosity,Medieval Latin
virtuoso,Italian
virtuous,French
virulence,Late Latin
virulent,Latin
virus,Latin
vis-a-vis,French
visa,French
visage,Anglo-French
viscera,Latin
visceral,Middle French
viscid,French
viscosity,French
viscount,Anglo-French
viscous,Anglo-French
vise,Anglo-French
Vishnu,Sanskrit
visibility,Late Latin
visible,French
Visigoth,Late Latin
vision,Anglo-French
visionary,none
visit,French
visit,French
visitation,Anglo-French
visitor,Anglo-French
visor,Anglo-French
vista,Italian
Vistavision,none
visual,Late Latin
visualise,English
visualization,none
visualize,none
visually,none
vita,Latin
vital,Latin
vital statistics,none
vitality,Latin
vitalize,none
vitals,Latin
vitamin,Polish
vitiate,Latin
vitiation,Latin
viticulture,French
vitiligo,Latin
vitreous,Latin
vitrify,Middle French
vitrine,French
vitriol,French
vitriolic,French
vitro-,Latin
vituperate,Latin
vituperation,Latin
vituperative,none
Vitus,Latin
viva,Italian
viva voce,Latin
vivace,Italian
vivacious,Latin
vivacity,French
vivarium,Latin
vive,French
Vivian,Latin
vivid,French
vivify,French
viviparous,Late Latin
vivisect,none
vivisection,Latin
vixen,Old English
viz.,Latin
vizard,none
vizier,Turk
VJ day,none
Vlach,Latin
Vladimir,Old Church Slavonic
vocabulary,Medieval Latin
vocal,French
vocalist,none
vocalization,French
vocalize,none
vocation,French
vocational,none
vocative,Middle French
vociferate,Latin
vociferation,Latin
vociferous,Latin
vodka,Russian
vogue,Middle French
voice,French
voice,none
voiceless,none
voicemail,none
void,Anglo-French
void,none
void,Anglo-French
voidable,none
voila,French
voile,French
voir dire,French
voivode,Russian
volant,Middle French
Volapuk,English
volar,Latin
volatile,Middle French
volatility,none
volcanic,French
volcanism,French
volcano,Italian
vole,Old Norse
volition,French
volkslied,German
volley,Middle French
volley,none
volleyball,none
Volstead,none
volt,none
Volta,Portuguese
voltage,none
voltaic,Italian
Voltaire,French
volte-face,French
voltmeter,none
volubility,Middle French
voluble,Middle French
volume,French
volumetric,none
voluminous,Late Latin
voluntarism,German
voluntary,Latin
volunteer,Middle French
volunteer,none
volunteerism,none
voluptuary,French
voluptuous,French
volute,French
volvox,Latin
volvulus,Latin
vomit,Anglo-French
vomit,Latin
vomitorium,Latin
von,German
voodoo,French
vor,German
voracious,none
voracity,Middle French
vorlage,German
vorpal,none
vortex,Latin
votary,Latin
vote,none
vote,Latin
voter,none
votive,Middle French
vouch,Anglo-French
voucher,none
vouchsafe,none
vow,Anglo-French
vow,French
vowel,French
vox,Latin
vox populi,Latin
voyage,French
voyage,French
voyager,French
voyeur,French
voyeurism,none
voyeuristic,none
vroom,none
vs,Latin
vue,French
vug,Cornish
Vulcan,Latin
vulcanize,none
vulgar,Latin
vulgarian,none
vulgarity,Middle French
vulgarize,none
Vulgate,Latin
vulnerability,none
vulnerable,Late Latin
Vulpecula,Latin
vulpine,Latin
vulture,Anglo-French
vulva,Latin
VW,German
-ward,Old English
-worth,Old English
W,English
W.C.,none
WAC,American English
wack,none
wacke,German
wacko,none
wacky,none
wad,Medieval Latin
wad,none
wadding,none
waddle,none
wade,Old English
waders,none
wadi,Arabic
wae,Scot.
wafer,Anglo-French
waffle,Dutch
waffle,Scot.
waft,Middle Dutch
wag,Scand
wag,none
wag,none
wage,Anglo-French
wage,Old North French
wager,Anglo-French
wager,none
waggish,none
waggle,Dutch
wagon,Middle Dutch
wagtail,none
wah-wah,Chinook
Wahabi,Arabic
wahoo,Siouan
waif,Anglo-French
waifish,none
wail,Old Norse
wail,none
wain,Old English
wainscot,Middle Dutch
wainwright,Old English
waist,Old English
waistband,none
waistcoat,none
waisted,none
waistline,none
wait,Anglo-French
wait,Old North French
waiter,none
waitress,none
waitstaff,American English
waive,Anglo-French
waiver,Anglo-French
wake,Middle English
wake,Old English
wake,Middle Low German
wake-up,none
wakeful,none
waken,Old English
Waldensian,Medieval Latin
Waldorf salad,none
wale,Old English
Wales,none
walk,Old English
walk,none
walk-in,none
walk-on,none
walk-out,none
walk-over,none
walk-through,none
walk-up,none
walkabout,English
Walker,none
walkie-talkie,none
walking,none
walkway,American English
wall,Old English
wall,Old English
Wall Street,Dutch
wall-eyed,Old Norse
wallaby,none
Wallach,German
wallah,English
wallbanger,none
wallboard,American English
wallet,Old North French
walleye,American English
wallflower,none
Walloon,Middle French
wallop,Old North French
wallow,Old English
wallpaper,none
wally,Scot.
walnut,Old English
Walpurgis night,German
walrus,Dutch
Walter,Old North French
waltz,German
waltz,none
wampum,Algonquian
wan,Old English
wand,Old Norse
wander,Old English
wanderlust,German
wane,Old English
wang,Old English
wangle,Old English
waning,Old English
wank,none
Wankel,German
wanker,none
wanna,none
wannabe,American English
want,Old Norse
want,Old Norse
wanted,none
wanting,none
wanton,Middle English
wanton,none
wanton,none
wap,none
wapentake,English
war,Old English
war,none
War of 1812,none
war-path,none
war-song,none
war-time,none
warble,Old North French
warbler,none
warcraft,none
ward,Old English
ward,Old English
warden,Old North French
warder,Anglo-French
Wardour-street,English
wardrobe,Old North French
ware,Old English
ware,Old English
warehouse,Dutch
warehouse,none
warf,none
warfare,none
Warfarin,none
warhead,none
warhorse,none
Waring,none
warlike,none
warlock,Old English
warlord,German
warm,Old English
warm,Old English
warm-up,none
warmly,none
warmonger,none
warmth,German
warn,Old English
warning,Old English
warp,Old English
warp,Old English
warrant,Old North French
warrant,Old North French
warrantee,none
warranty,Anglo-French
warren,Anglo-French
warrior,Old North French
warry,none
Warsaw,Polish
warship,none
wart,Old English
wart-hog,none
Warwickshire,Old English
wary,Old English
was,Old English
wasabi,Japanese
wash,Old English
wash,Old English
wash-basket,none
wash-cloth,none
wash-out,none
wash-stand,none
wash-tub,none
washable,none
washboard,none
washdown,none
washer,French
washer,none
washing,Old English
Washington,Old English
washroom,none
washy,none
wasp,Old English
WASP,none
waspish,none
wassail,Old Norse
Wassermann,German
wassup,none
wastage,none
waste,Anglo-French
waste,Anglo-French
waste,Anglo-French
wasted,none
wasteful,none
wasteland,none
wastewater,none
wastrel,none
wat,Thai
watch,Old English
watch,Old English
watch-chain,none
watch-work,none
watchdog,none
watcher,none
watchful,none
watchmaker,none
watchman,none
watchtower,none
watchword,none
water,Old English
water,Old English
water,Arabic
water-closet,none
water-ice,none
water-lily,none
water-moccasin,none
water-pipe,none
water-ski,none
water-table,none
water-wheel,none
waterbed,none
waterboard,none
watercolor,none
watercourse,none
watercress,Middle Low German
waterfall,Old English
Waterford,none
waterfowl,Old High German
waterfront,American English
watergate,none
watering,Old English
waterline,none
waterlogged,none
Waterloo,Flemish
watermark,German
watermelon,French
waterproof,none
watershed,German
waterspout,none
watertight,none
waterway,Old English
waterworks,none
watery,Old English
watt,Scot.
wattage,none
wattle,none
wattle,Old English
Watusi,none
wave,Old English
wave,Middle English
wavelength,none
waveless,none
wavelet,none
waver,Old English
wavy,none
wax,Old English
wax,Old English
wax-paper,none
waxen,Old English
waxwing,none
waxy,none
way,Old English
way,American English
way-out,none
wayfarer,none
wayfaring,Old English
waylay,Middle Low German
Wayne,none
wayside,none
wayward,none
we,Old English
weak,Old Norse
weaken,none
weakfish,Dutch
weakling,German
weakness,none
weal,Old English
weal,none
weald,Old English
wealth,Middle English
wealthy,none
wean,Old English
weanling,none
weapon,Old English
weaponry,none
weapons of mass destruction,Russian
wear,Old English
wear,none
wearisome,none
weary,Old English
weary,Old English
weasel,Old English
weasel,none
weather,Old English
weather,Old English
weather-beaten,none
weather-cast,none
weather-vane,none
weatherize,none
weatherman,none
weave,Old English
weave,none
weave,none
weaver,none
web,Old English
webbed,none
Weber,none
weblog,none
webmaster,none
website,none
webster,Old English
wed,Old English
wedding,Old English
wedge,Old English
wedge,none
wedgie,none
wedgwood,English
wedlock,Old English
Wednesday,Old English
wee,Old English
weed,Old English
weed,Old English
weeds,Old English
weedy,none
week,Old English
weekday,Old English
weekend,none
weekly,none
weel,Old English
ween,Old English
weenie,German
weep,Old English
weeping,Old English
weepy,none
weet,Middle English
weevil,Old English
weft,Old English
wegotism,none
Wehrmacht,German
Weigela,German
weigh,Old English
weight,Old English
weight,none
weightage,none
weightless,none
weighty,none
Weimar,German
Weimaraner,German
weir,Old English
weird,Old English
weirdo,Scot.
welch,none
welcome,Old English
welcome,Old English
weld,none
weld,none
weld,Old English
welder,none
welfare,Old English
welkin,Old English
well,Old English
well,Old English
well,Old English
well-acquainted,none
well-adjusted,none
well-balanced,none
well-behaved,none
well-being,none
well-beloved,none
well-born,Old English
well-bred,none
well-done,none
well-earned,none
well-endowed,Middle English
well-fed,none
well-founded,none
well-heeled,American English
well-hung,none
well-informed,none
well-intentioned,none
well-kept,none
well-known,none
well-mannered,none
well-meaning,none
well-meant,none
well-nigh,Old English
well-off,none
well-ordered,none
well-read,none
well-regulated,none
well-respected,none
well-rounded,none
well-spoken,none
well-wisher,none
wellaway,Scand
Wellington,none
wellness,none
wellspring,Old English
Welsh,Old English
Welshman,Old English
welt,Middle English
weltanschauung,German
welter,Middle Dutch
welter,none
welterweight,German
weltschmerz,German
wen,Old English
Wenceslas,Medieval Latin
wench,Middle English
wench,none
wend,Old English
Wend,Slav.
Wendy,none
went,none
were,Old English
werewolf,Old English
wergeld,Old English
Werther,none
Wesleyan,none
Wessex,West Saxon
west,Old English
West Bank,none
West Indies,Carib
wester,none
westerlies,none
westerly,Middle English
western,Old English
westernization,Japanese
westernize,none
westernmost,none
Westphalia,German
westward,Old English
wet,Old English
wet,Old English
wet,Old English
wetback,none
wether,Old English
wetland,none
wetness,Old English
wey,Old English
wh-,Old English
whack,none
whale,Old English
whale,none
whale,none
whalebone,none
whaler,Old English
whaling,none
wham,none
whammo,none
whammy,none
whangdoodle,American English
wharf,Old English
wharfinger,none
what,Old English
whatchamacallit,none
whatever,none
whatnot,none
whatsoever,none
wheal,Old English
wheat,Old English
wheatear,French
wheaten,Old English
whee,none
wheedle,Old English
wheel,Old English
wheel,none
wheel-house,none
wheelbarrow,none
wheelchair,none
wheelie,none
wheelwright,none
wheeze,Scand
wheezy,none
whelk,Old English
whelm,Old English
whelp,Old English
whelp,none
when,Old English
whenas,none
whence,Old English
whenever,none
where,Old English
whereabout,none
whereabouts,none
whereas,none
whereat,none
whereby,none
wherefore,Dutch
wherein,Dutch
whereof,Swedish
whereon,none
whereupon,none
wherever,none
wherewith,none
wherewithal,none
wherry,none
whet,Old English
whether,Old English
whetstone,Old English
whew,none
whey,Old English
which,Old English
whichever,none
whicker,none
whiff,none
whiffle,none
Whig,Scot.
Whiggery,none
Whiggish,none
while,Old English
while,Middle English
whilom,Old English
whilst,none
whim,none
whimper,German
whimsical,none
whimsy,none
whimwham,Scand
whine,Old English
whine,none
whiney,none
whinge,Old English
whinner,none
whinny,Latin
whip,Old English
whip,Middle Low German
whip-saw,none
whiplash,none
whipper-snapper,none
whippet,none
whipping,American English
whippoorwill,none
whir,Scot.
whirl,Old Norse
whirl,American English
whirligig,none
whirlpool,Old English
whirlwind,Old Norse
whisk,Old Norse
whisk,Scand
whisker,Middle English
whiskey,Gaelic
whisky,none
whisper,Old English
whisper,none
whispering,Old English
whist,none
whistle,Old English
whistle,Old English
whistleblower,American English
whistler,Old English
whistling,Old English
whit,Old English
white,Old English
white,Old English
white bread,Old English
white elephant,none
white feather,none
white hope,none
white meat,none
white noise,none
white trash,none
white-collar,none
white-hot,none
white-out,none
white-tail,none
whiteboard,none
whitecap,none
whitefish,none
whiten,Old English
whiteness,Old English
whitewash,none
whitey,none
whither,Old English
whithersoever,none
whitish,none
whitlow,Dutch
Whitsun,none
Whitsunday,Old English
whittle,Middle English
whiz,none
whizbang,German
whizz,none
who,Old English
whoa,none
whodunit,none
whoever,Old English
whole,Old English
whole,none
whole cloth,none
whole nine yards,none
wholehearted,none
wholeness,Old English
wholesale,none
wholesome,Old English
wholistic,none
wholly,Old English
whom,Old English
whomever,none
whomp,none
whomp,none
whoop,French
whoopee,American English
whoops,none
whoosh,none
whoot,none
whop,none
whopper,none
whore,Middle English
whore,none
whore-house,Latin
whore-monger,none
whoredom,Old Norse
whoreson,Anglo-French
whorl,none
whortleberry,none
whose,Old English
whosis,none
whump,none
why,Old English
wi-fi,none
wibble,none
Wicca,Old English
wich,Old English
wick,Old English
wick,Old English
wicked,Old English
wickedness,none
wicker,Scand
wickerwork,none
wicket,Anglo-French
widdershins,Scot.
wide,Old English
widely,none
widen,none
widespread,none
widgeon,French
widget,American English
widow,Old English
widow,none
widow-maker,none
widower,Old English
widowhood,Old English
width,Old English
wield,Old English
wieldy,Old English
wiener,American English
wife,Old English
wife-beater,none
wifely,Old English
Wiffle,none
wig,none
wig,Irish
wiggle,Middle Dutch
wiggly,none
wight,Old English
wigwam,Algonquian
wiki,Hawaiian
wilco,none
wild,none
wild,Old English
wild,Old English
wild card,Irish
wild goose chase,Old English
wild man,none
wildcat,American English
wildebeest,Dutch
wilderness,Old English
wildfire,Old English
wildlife,none
wildly,none
wildness,none
wile,Old English
wile,none
wilful,English
Wilhelm,German
will,Old English
will,Old English
will,Old English
will-o-the-wisp,none
willful,none
willfully,Old English
William,Old North French
willies,none
willing,Old English
willow,Old English
willowy,none
willpower,none
willy-nilly,none
Wilsonian,none
wilt,Middle Dutch
wily,English
Wimbledon,Old English
wimp,none
wimp,none
wimple,Old English
wimpy,none
win,Old English
win,Old English
wince,Anglo-French
winch,none
winch,Old English
Winchester,Old English
wind,Old English
wind,Old English
wind,none
wind,North Sea Germanic
wind-rose,none
wind-sock,none
wind-up,none
windage,none
windbag,none
windbreak,American English
windbreaker,none
windfall,none
windhover,none
windlass,Anglo-French
windmill,German
window,Old Norse
windowless,none
windowsill,none
windpipe,none
windrow,none
windshield,none
Windsor,Old English
windstorm,none
windsurf,none
windswept,none
windward,none
windy,Old English
wine,Old English
wine,none
winebibber,German
winery,American English
Winfred,Old English
wing,Old Norse
wing,none
wingding,none
winged,none
wingman,none
wingnut,none
wingspan,none
wingtip,none
wink,Old English
wink,none
winkle,none
winless,none
winnable,none
Winnebago,Siouan
winner,none
winnings,none
Winnipeg,Ojibwa
winnow,Old English
wino,none
winsome,Old English
winter,Old English
winter,none
wintergreen,none
winterize,none
wintry,Old English
wipe,none
wipe,Old English
wipeout,American English
wiper,none
wire,Old English
wire,none
wire-tapping,none
wired,Old English
wiredraw,none
wiregrass,none
wireless,none
wireman,none
wiring,none
wiry,none
Wisconsin,none
wisdom,Old English
wise,Old English
wise,Old English
wise,Old English
wiseacre,Middle Dutch
wisecrack,American English
wisely,Old English
wish,Old English
wish,Old Norse
wishbone,none
wishful,none
wishy-washy,none
wisp,Old English
wispy,none
wist,Old English
Wisteria,English
wistful,Middle English
wit,Old English
wit,Old English
witch,Old English
witch hazel,Old English
witch hunt,American English
witchcraft,Old English
witchery,none
witchy,none
witenagemot,Old English
with,Old English
withal,Middle English
withdraw,Latin
withdrawal,none
withe,Old English
wither,Middle English
withers,Old English
withershins,none
withhold,Latin
within,Old English
without,Old English
withstand,Old English
withy,Old English
witless,Old English
witness,Old English
witness,none
witted,none
witticism,none
witting,none
wittol,Middle English
witty,Old English
wive,Old English
wivern,none
wizard,Middle English
wizardry,none
wizen,Old English
wl-,Old English
woad,Old English
wobbegong,none
wobble,Low German
Wobbly,none
wobbly,none
Woden,Old English
woe,Old English
woebegone,Old English
woeful,none
wog,none
wok,Cantonese
woke,none
wold,Old English
wolf,Old English
wolf,none
wolfhound,none
wolfish,none
wolfram,German
wolfsbane,Latin
Wolof,none
wolverine,none
woman,Old English
womanhood,none
womanise,English
womanish,none
womanize,none
womankind,none
womanly,none
womb,Old English
wombat,none
women,none
won,none
wont,none
wonder,Old English
wonder,Old English
wonder woman,none
wonder-worker,Greek
wonderful,Old English
wonderland,none
wonderment,none
wonderous,none
wondrous,Middle English
wonk,American English
wonky,German
wont,Middle English
wont,none
wonted,none
wonton,Cantonese
woo,Old English
wood,Old English
wood,Old English
woodbine,Old English
woodchuck,Algonquian
woodcock,Old English
woodcut,none
wooded,none
wooden,American English
woodland,Old English
woodlouse,none
woodpecker,none
woodshed,American English
woodsman,none
woodsy,American English
woodwind,none
woodwork,none
woody,Old English
woof,Old English
woof,none
woofer,none
wool,Old English
wool-gathering,none
woolen,English
Woolworth,none
wooly,none
woozy,American English
wop,Italian
Worcester,Old English
word,Old English
word,none
wordcraft,Old English
wording,none
wordless,none
wordplay,none
wordsmith,none
wordy,Old English
wore,none
work,Old English
work,Old English
workable,none
workaday,Old Norse
workaholic,none
workaround,none
workbook,none
workday,Old English
worker,Old English
workflow,none
workforce,none
workhorse,none
workhouse,Old English
working,none
working,none
workload,none
workman,Old English
workmanlike,none
workmanship,none
workout,none
workplace,none
works,Old English
worksheet,none
workshop,none
workstation,none
world,Old English
World Bank,none
world war,Old English
World-Wide Web,none
worldly,Old English
worldview,German
worldwide,none
worm,Old English
worm,none
wormhole,none
wormwood,Old English
worn,Old English
worrisome,none
worry,Old English
worry,none
worry wart,none
worse,Old English
worsen,none
worser,none
worship,Old English
worship,none
worshipper,none
worst,Old English
worst,none
worsted,Old English
wort,Old English
worth,Old English
worth,Old English
worth,Old English
worthless,none
worthwhile,none
worthy,Old English
wot,Old English
would,Old English
wound,Old English
wound,Old English
wounder,none
woven,none
wow,Scot.
wow,American English
WPA,none
wr-,German
wrack,Middle Dutch
wrack,none
wraith,Scot.
wrangle,Low German
wrangler,none
wrap,Scand
wrap,none
wrap-up,none
wraparound,none
wrapper,none
wrasse,Cornish
wrath,Old English
wrathful,none
wreak,Old English
wreath,Old English
wreathe,Middle English
wreck,Anglo-French
wreck,none
wreckage,none
wrecker,none
wren,Old English
wrench,Old English
wrench,Old English
wrest,Old English
wrestle,Old English
wrestler,Old English
wrestling,Old English
wretch,Old English
wretched,none
wriggle,Middle Low German
wright,Old English
wring,Old English
wringer,American English
wrinkle,Old English
wrinkle,none
wrinkly,none
wrist,Old English
writ,Old English
write,Old English
write-up,none
writer,Old English
writhe,Old English
writing,Old English
wrong,Old English
wrong,Old English
wrong,none
wrongdoing,none
wrongful,Middle English
wrongly,none
wroth,Old English
wrought,Middle English
wry,Old English
wryly,none
wryneck,none
wunderkind,English
Wurlitzer,none
wurst,German
wuss,none
wussy,none
wuthering,Scot.
wyandotte,Iroquoian
wych,none
wynn,Old English
Wyoming,Algonquian
wyrd,none
wysiwyg,none
wyvern,Middle English
-xion,English
X,English
x,none
X-ray,German
Xanadu,none
xanthic,French
Xanthippe,none
xantho-,Greek
xanthosis,Modern Latin
xanthous,Greek
xebec,French
xenelasia,Greek
Xenia,Greek
xenial,Greek
xeno-,Greek
xenogamy,none
xenolith,none
xenon,Greek
xenophile,none
xenophilic,none
xenophobe,none
xenophobia,none
xenophobic,none
xerasia,Latin
Xeres,none
xeric,none
xero-,Greek
xeroderma,none
xerography,Greek
xerophagy,none
xerophilous,Greek
xerophyte,Greek
xerosis,Modern Latin
xerotic,none
Xerox,none
Xerxes,Greek
Xhosa,none
xi,Greek
xiphias,Greek
xiphoid,Greek
Xmas,English
xylem,German
xylene,Greek
xylo-,Greek
xylophagous,Latin
xylophone,Greek
xyster,Greek
-y,Anglo-French
-y,Scot.
-y,French
-y,Old English
-yer,none
-yl,French
Y,English
yall,none
y-,Middle English
yacht,Dutch
yack,none
yadda-yadda,none
yah,none
yahoo,none
Yahtzee,none
Yahweh,Hebrew
yak,Tibetan
yak,none
Yakima,none
yakuza,Japanese
Yale,none
yam,Portuguese
yammer,Middle Dutch
yang,Mandarin
yank,Scot.
Yank,none
Yankee,Dutch
Yankee Doodle,French
yap,American English
yappy,none
yar,none
Yarborough,none
yard,Old English
yard,Old English
yard-arm,Old English
yardage,none
yardbird,none
yardstick,none
yare,Old English
yarmulke,Polish
yarn,Old English
yarrow,Old English
yaw,Old Norse
yawl,Middle Low German
yawn,Old English
yawn,none
yawner,American English
yawp,none
yaws,Carib
yay,none
yclept,Old English
ye,Old English
ye,Old English
yea,Old English
yeah,American English
yean,Old English
yeanling,none
year,Old English
year-long,none
year-round,none
yearbook,American English
yearling,none
yearly,Old English
yearn,Old English
yearning,Old English
yeast,Old English
yeasty,none
yegg,Scand
yell,Old English
yell,Scot.
yelling,none
yellow,Old English
yellow,Old English
yellow journalism,American English
yellow ribbon,Iran
yellowcake,none
yellowtail,none
yellowy,none
yelp,Old English
yelp,Old English
Yemen,Arabic
yen,Japanese
yen,Cantonese
yenta,Italian
yeoman,Old English
yeomanry,none
yep,American English
yer,none
yes,Old English
yeshiva,Hebrew
yessir,none
yester-,Old English
yesterday,Old English
yesternight,Old English
yesteryear,French
yet,Old English
yeti,Tibetan
yew,Old English
Yggdrasil,Old Norse
Yid,English
Yiddish,Middle High German
yield,Old English
yield,Old English
yielding,none
yikes,none
yin,Mandarin
yins,none
yip,Middle English
yippee,none
Yippie,none
YMCA,none
yo,none
yo-yo,none
yob,English
yod,Hebrew
yodel,German
yoga,Sanskrit
yogh,Middle English
yogi,Sanskrit
yogurt,Turk
yok,none
yoke,Old English
yoke,Old English
yokel,German
yolk,Old English
Yom Kippur,Hebrew
yon,Old English
yond,Old English
yonder,Old English
yoni,Sanskrit
yoo-hoo,none
yore,Old English
York,Old English
Yoruba,none
Yosemite,none
you,Old English
young,none
young,Old English
youngster,Old English
younker,Middle Dutch
your,Old English
yourn,none
yours,none
yourself,none
youse,none
youth,Old English
youthful,Old English
yow,none
yowl,none
yowza,none
ytterbium,Modern Latin
yttrium,Modern Latin
yuan,none
Yucatan,none
yucca,Spanish
yuck,English
yuck,none
yucky,none
Yugoslav,Slav.
Yugoslavia,Serb.
yuk,none
Yukon,none
yule,Old English
yuletide,none
yum,none
Yuma,Piman
yummy,none
yup,none
yuppie,none
yurt,Russian
YWCA,none
Z,Old English
za,none
Zacchaeus,Late Latin
Zachariah,Late Latin
zaftig,Middle High German
zag,none
zaibatsu,Japanese
Zaire,none
zakat,Persian
Zamboni,none
zany,French
zany,none
Zanzibar,Arabic
zap,none
zapper,none
Zarathustra,none
zarf,Arabic
zeal,French
zealot,Late Latin
zealotry,none
zealous,Medieval Latin
zebra,Italian
zebu,French
Zebulon,Hebrew
Zechariah,none
zed,Middle French
zee,American English
zein,Late Latin
Zeiss,German
zeitgeist,German
zek,Russian
Zen,Japanese
Zend,Old Persian
zenith,French
zeno-,Greek
Zenobia,Greek
Zenonian,Greek
zep,none
Zephaniah,Hebrew
zephyr,Old English
zeppelin,German
zero,Arabic
zero,none
zest,French
zestful,none
zesty,none
zeta,Greek
zetetic,Modern Latin
zeugma,Greek
Zeus,Greek
Ziegfeld,none
zig,none
zig-zag,French
ziggurat,Assyrian
zilch,German
zillion,none
Zimbabwe,none
zinc,German
zine,none
zinfandel,none
zing,none
zinger,none
zinnia,Modern Latin
Zion,Old English
Zionism,German
Zionist,none
zip,none
ZIP,none
zip,none
zip,none
zip,none
zipper,none
Zippo,none
zippy,none
zircon,French
zirconium,German
zit,none
zither,German
ziti,Italian
zloty,Polish
zoa,none
zoanthropy,French
zodiac,French
zodiacal,none
Zoe,Greek
zoetrope,Greek
Zohar,Hebrew
zoic,Greek
zollverein,German
zombie,Spanish
zonal,Late Latin
zone,Latin
zone,none
zoned,none
zoning,none
zonk,none
zoo,none
zoo-,Greek
zoography,none
zoolatry,none
zoological,none
zoologist,none
zoology,Modern Latin
zoom,none
zoomorphic,none
zoon,Greek
zoonosis,none
zoonotic,none
zoophagous,none
zoophilia,none
zoophobia,none
zooplankton,none
zoot suit,American English
zooxanthella,German
zori,Japanese
Zoroastrian,Latin
Zoroastrianism,none
zorro,Spanish
zoster,Latin
zouave,French
zouk,French
zounds,none
zowie,none
zucchetto,Italian
zucchini,English
zugzwang,German
Zulu,none
Zuni,Spanish
Zurich,German
zwieback,German
Zwinglian,none
zydeco,French
zygoma,Modern Latin
zygomatic,Latin
zygote,German
Zyklon,German
zymurgy,Greek
